0. lighthouz-ai : Lighthouz AI is building AI procurement specialists for manufacturers. 500k procurement professionals spend 90% of their day emailing suppliers and entering data on spreadsheets and outdated ERP. Lighthouz's AI procurement specialists disrupts this entire profession. It 15x'es the productivity of procurement teams. It automates all manual procurement tasks including data verification and entry on ERP. Our AI agents will replace 500k jobs in the next 10 years. Our team has 20+ years of combined AI experience: - Srijan has been a GaTech CS professor, research scientist @ Google, postdoc @ Stanford AI lab, PhD @ UMD, BTech @ IIT. He has built AI systems now in production at Meta, Home Depot, etc. He has written 60+ papers that are cited 6000+ times. - Sonali was a lead AI engineer at Progressive insurance, American Family insurance, Halliburton, did her MS at University of Washington, and undergrad at IIT.
1. necto : Everything one would need to start an ISP
2. vouch : Insurance... sounds slow, old-fashioned, and unexciting. Exactly. Insurance is broken, and it's failing fast-moving, innovative startups. Vouch is a new, technology-first insurance company backed with $185M in funding from world-class investors. Like Stripe for payments or Brex for credit cards, Vouch is creating the go-to business insurance for high-growth companies. We're doing this by making insurance fast, responsive, and focused on our high-growth and innovative customers. Instead of printed PDF applications and week-long waits, Vouch is building new technology to solve real problems, writing policies that actually cover relevant startup scenarios, and designing simple experiences in an otherwise frustrating industry.
3. texel-ai : Texel is a platform that enables developers to generate hardware-accelerated APIs for running AI pipelines 10 times faster, including image and video applications. For example, developers can use the latest NVIDIA GPUs or Google TPUs without having to become hardware experts themselves.
4. meesho : Meesho is India’s only true online marketplace, altering the status quo to make e-commerce inclusive and accessible for the next billion users. With a vision to enable 100 million small businesses, including individual entrepreneurs, to succeed online, Meesho is democratising internet commerce and bringing a range of products and new customers online. The Meesho marketplace provides sellers access to millions of customers, selections from over 30 categories, pan-India logistics, payment services and customer support capabilities to efficiently run their businesses.
5. revamp : Revamp helps eCommerce brands and agencies understand customer behavior by creating smarter segments for targeted email and paid acquisition campaigns.
6. genuity : Genuity is a one-stop-shop for companies to manage IT and buy business software. Companies use Genuity to keep track of all the company laptops, manage employee support requests, and buy software at wholesale prices.
7. pandai : 💡 What is Pandai? Pandai is an app that helps students get better grades in school. Pandai provides gamified quizzes aligned to a specific school curriculum, from which students can learn, practice, get feedback, and diagnose their weaknesses. 🔥 Why do we build this? In Southeast Asia, the education system is competitive and exam-oriented. There is a huge demand for interventions (tutors, workbooks, and extra classes) to help students perform better in school. Pandai fills the demand with a solution that is better than the alternatives. 👨‍🏫 Who We Are The three founders are based in Malaysia and have known each other since high school, 23 years ago. After we graduated (from MIT & other US colleges), we started our first education company in 2007, focusing on coaching school students in STEM subjects. We worked closely with students (many of them from underprivileged backgrounds) and saw firsthand the impact we’ve had on them. We then realized that with technology, we could reach more students and bring more impact. Hence, we released Pandai in 2020. 🚀 Present & Future Currently, we have launched in our home ground Malaysia in 2020. So far, 280,000 students have completed 83 million questions on Pandai, and 92% of users have seen some improvement in their academic performance. We plan to expand to Southeast Asia and other emerging markets, a market of 100M+ school students. Pandai is designed to be scalable, and our content (also available in English) can be mapped to other curricula from other countries.
8. helium-health : Helium Health provides a suite of digital health tools for healthcare providers, payers and patients across Africa — most prominent of which is our maiden electronic medical records (EMR) & hospital management information system (HMIS) for emerging markets, HeliumOS. We offer business loans to healthcare providers through our HeliumCredit product. We also work with donors and governments in executing public health strategies. Finally, we have built the largest healthcare data repository on Africans with over 1 million health records.
9. bodyport : Bodyport’s cardiovascular sensing weight scale and predictive algorithms detect early changes in cardiac function to help prevent avoidable hospitalizations. Bodyport is initially targeting heart failure, a chronic condition affecting over 6M Americans and a leading cause of hospitalizations (1M/year) and healthcare spending ($35B/year). Bodyport’s novel scale measures cardiac output, congestion, heart rate, and other leading indicators of cardiovascular health — all in the same step patients already take to weigh themselves. Companion algorithms and software empower care teams to quickly identify at-risk patients and remotely optimize their therapy to prevent deterioration.
10. sunfarmer : SunFarmer provides affordable solar energy for hospitals, schools, businesses, and farms in developing countries. In many parts of the world, electricity is unavailable, unstable, or extremely expensive. Yet reliable electricity is critical for high quality healthcare, modern education, economic development, and improved agricultural productivity. Learn more at sunfarmer.org
11. movinglake : MovingLake is Fivetran for event-driven architectures. Companies such as Casai use our product to obtain orders and price changes in real time.
12. telmai : Telmai is a Data observability and Data Quality platform designed for Open architecture. It monitors data stored/managed in any data system, such as a data lake or data warehouse, in its raw format at scale without sampling
13. relationship-hero : Instantly connect with a certified relationship expert to get coaching and actionable advice: how to get a date, how to interpret a text, broken trust after cheating, moving on after a breakup, and more.
14. snowpilot : Snowpilot combines a spreadsheet UI with a federated data engine. We get live data from tools like Salesforce, Gong, and Mixpanel, enabling PMs, marketers, and salespeople to run high-impact workflows with data at any scale. Ben and Dom met at a Sequoia & a16z-backed data startup, Census. Together, we built the first real-time, warehouse-native customer data platform. Prior to that, Dom led 20+ ML engineers at Adobe to build their internal ad optimization platform, which allocates $1B in annual spend. Ben built the microservices stack powering the new Microsoft Edge, scaling from 0 to hundreds of millions of DAUs. We started coding Snowpilot in mid-August '24, and we already have a live app that can run sub-second queries on millions of rows, entirely in the user's browser. The data warehouse market is $10B/yr, growing 23% YOY. We will disrupt incumbents and significantly expand this market by enabling non-engineers to use big data on a daily basis.
15. gleam : Gleam is the easiest way to set up and manage benefits. In 15 minutes, you can set up medical, dental, vision, and life insurance plans for your whole team - for free.
16. superapi : SuperAPI is a programmable API gateway that makes all your fetch APIs cacheable, reducing the response time 10x. Our customers use SuperAPI to cache their critical APIs without spending 6-9 months rewriting their code.
17. wheelys-cafe : Wheelys is a chain of organic bicycle cafés that enables young people to start their own cafés. Since starting last year, Wheelys has sold over 800 cafés in 75 countries, which means it’s growing faster than any fast food chain. Ever. Wheelys vision is to make it easier for passionate people without money to open their own cafés, shops, and restaurants. Wheelys was hosted at Y Combinator (the accelerator behind Airbnb, Dropbox, and Reddit) and has been funded by, among others, Othman Laraki (Color Genomics), Paul Buchheit (creator of Gmail), Jared Friedman (founder of Scribd), and Justin Waldron (co-founder of Zynga). “We will break the hegemony of the industrial fast food chains, and pave the way for an organic revolution. Helping us to do this is young hungry eco entrepreneurs from all over the world.” Maria De La Croix, co-founder of Wheelys
18. briohr : Our HR management platform helps companies instantly digitize all HR functions across the full employee journey, all in one place: - talent acquisition: digitize and collaborate over recruitments with our ATS (applicant tracking system), then onboard your new joiners fully digitally - HR admin: manage paid time off, employee database and documents, payroll (for Singapore and Malaysia, more to come!), expense claims, timesheets... - Performance management: track KPIs / OKRs, manage performance appraisal, gather 360° feedback...
19. ebrandvalue : eBrandValue, Inc. is a Mountain View, CA-based company that acts as a BI platform for brands and leverages social data to forecast sales and provide competitive intelligence. Its unique proprietary algorithm essentially captures consumer behaviour and brand affinities using social data to identify the most effective profile changing events. eBrandValue has become a de facto forecaster of sales in many industries by accurately predicting and reporting the real-time sales, ROI, brand performance and market share-impact of brands in comparison to all of their competitors. These predictions are confirmed by Nielsen’s ScanTrack, which once again emphasises the catalytic impact of next-stage intelligent social media analysis to sales strategy. eBrandValue enables brands to measure the efficacy and ROI of their events and campaigns, and to track and analyse influencers within their industry. It also provides Meme-Based Netnographic Segmentation which reveals the dimensions that define a brand and encapsulate the nature of social media postings in the sector, thus allowing brands to track their positioning vis-à-vis competition in real-time. eBrandValue recently graduated from Y Combinator’s Winter’15 batch, and received press coverage at VentureBeat. Additionally, eBrandValue was also showcased as part of the Start Up Academy during Cannes Lions as one of the ten globally selected startups that are currently disrupting the marketing/agency business.
20. tioki : Tioki is the premiere online professional network exclusively for the education market. Educators create professional profiles that can include video of themselves in the classroom. Currently, hundreds of schools, including Harlem Village Academies (NYC) and Oakland Unified (CA) are using the platform to actively recruit the thousands of registered educators on the platform. Tioki is disrupting the multi-billion dollar Education HR space. Featured in TechCrunch, NBC News, EdWeek, Edsurge.
21. notifo : Notifo is a mobile application and platform which allows any web site or service to easily create mobile notifications. While it's currently only an iPhone app, the plan is to eventually work on Android and BlackBerry devices too.
22. flux : Flux is building the payment network for alternative payments, with a focus on bringing acceptance of all BNPL options to on-site merchants so they can max their client's buying power. Flux provides an instant-issuing and payment acceptance solution for consumer credit products, and a payment terminal for alternative credit (non-card) for retailers.
23. markix : Markix helps you find better prospects, research markets and monitor key events, at the scale of the entire internet.
24. designbase : Designbase is the interface design tool that gives early teams design and development superpowers. Create stunning interfaces, immediately available as code, regardless of resources.
25. protex-ai : Tl;dr: We’re building software that monitors existing cameras in the port, logistics, and manufacturing industries to ensure compliance and identify safety issues. At Protex AI, we’re on a mission to protect the industrial workforce! We’re building a proactive computer vision tool for workplace safety - empowering industrial Health and Safety (HS) teams to identify risk and danger before it becomes a problem. 🤕 The Problem: Keeping people safe at work is extremely hard. In the U.S. alone, there were over 5,000 deaths in the workplace in 2019, mainly in the heavy industry space. Serious workplace injuries cost U.S. businesses circa $62 Billion annually. Until now, safety has been reactive, someone has to get injured, and in some cases fatally before something is done about it. ✅ Problem Solved: Protex AI’s platform uses privacy-preserving camera monitoring software to provide companies with an always-on guardian angel, protecting their workforce. The platform plugs into existing CCTV infrastructure and enables HS teams to flexibly translate their document-based safety rules into the real world. Protex AI takes these rules and autonomously audits the customer’s facility to identify areas of high risk and non-compliance. HS teams can access this data via a reporting engine and use it in weekly safety meetings, external safety audits, insurance discussions, and legal claims. The tool integrates seamlessly with existing safety workflows to augment data produced by any manual incident logging system in place.
26. axolo : Better Code Reviews, Less Hassle, All in Slack Axolo takes your team's code review practices to the next level, integrating seamlessly with Slack to deliver real-time notifications and natural discussions.
27. super : We are building Pinduoduo for Indonesia by enabling community leaders to become retailers within their communities, starting by selling daily products through the Super app. We use technology to: 1) Help community leaders find the best price 2) build the lowest cost logistics network 3) facilitate communication for this social buying behavior
28. logarithm-labs : Easy button to use data for your daily operations. Power your business workflows with quality data. Logarithm Labs helps you turn manual data wrangling and ad-hoc scripts into repeatable pipelines for your operational workflows. Power your workflows with quality data. Our product and team of experts do the heavy lifting so that can focus on the business logic that drives your organization. To learn more, contact us at hello@logarithmlabs.com.
29. bios-health : BIOS Health was previously called Cambridge Bio-Augmentation Systems (CBAS) and focused on prosthetic neural interfaces as a first market. Now we use
30. castle : Castle manages rental homes for landlords using automation and on-demand labor. We find tenants, collect rent, and coordinate maintenance, allowing owners to kick back, relax, and never worry about their rental properties again. Owners either have to deal with this whole mess themselves, or spend 10% of their rental income on a traditional property management company that requires constant supervision and is often incentivized to act against the owner’s best interest. There are 43 million rental units in the United States, and most of them are currently managed with some combination of faxes, mail, and unreturned voicemails on the landlord’s personal phone. Castle moves all of property management into a seamless online experience, providing owners with transparency, speed, and incredible customer service—plus huge cost savings over traditional management. Renters get great service and instant updates about important issues.
31. instagrok : instaGrok is an interactive learning/research tool that empowers self-directed learning in an engaging and personalized way. Beyond merely retrieving educational content on any topic, instaGrok presents the topic as a visual, interactive graph, allowing learners to quickly grasp important concepts, relationships and key facts. In addition, instaGrok has many other great features that facilitate learning and research, such as difficulty leveling, auto-generated quizzes and journals.
32. marketforce : MarketForce empowers neighbourhood merchants in Africa to source, order and pay for inventory digitally and conveniently, access a banking wallet with credit facilities, collect digital payments and earn extra income by offering agency baking services and reselling digital financial services such as airtime, electricity tokens and bill payments in their communities. Incorporated in 2019, MarketForce is a fast-growing company running an asset-light business model and is currently operational in 5 markets in Sub-Saharan Africa, with over 200,000 merchants and 180 consumer brands trading on the platform.
33. rehook-ai : rehook.ai is an all-in-one promotion engine. A complete stack which lets you run referral, loyalty, rewards, discounts, coupons, leaderboards, streaks, tiers etc and is flexible, trackable, scalable and secure. With an intuitive rule engine, marketers can simply add/edit/change rules to generate coupons/rewards/cashbacks or any other incentives. rehook.ai lets you experiment and personalize campaigns around user segments, geographies, demographics, journeys and any other attribute- without ever going back to tech.
34. experiment : Today's funders are so conservative they only fund the most obvious ideas. At Experiment, we fund the ideas that they won't fund; the ideas that matter. Since founding, over 47,000 citizens have pledged $9 million dollars supporting 900 scientific projects on the platform. 46% of all projects on Experiment are successfully funded. When the projects are finished, the scientists share the scientific results with their backers as lab notes and peer-reviewed publications. Scientists from Stanford, Harvard, and Yale have chosen to use Experiment instead of writing grants. Bill Gates recognized Experiment by saying "this solution helps close the gap for potentially-promising but unfunded projects."
35. versa : Versa is a merchant-owned network, through which merchants securely send purchase details to buyers. You'll automate government-mandated receipt capture, reduce chargebacks, and grow sales.
36. histowiz : HistoWiz is an innovative company dedicated to accelerating pathology-based research. HistoWiz provides fast, global access to digital whole-slide images, online collaboration tools, low-cost data management, and experimental pathology expertise. The web-based platform accelerates information exchange among medical scientists and research pathologists. HistoWiz's mission is to fight cancer cooperatively instead of individually by connecting scientists and pathologists for online collaboration. The HistoWiz advantage We help your lab minimize the cost of research and maximize research productivity by providing the most efficient service for scientists to analyze experimental pathology specimens. We believe that scientists should spend their time on results interpretation rather than repetitive tissue cutting. How does it work? HistoWiz accepts formalin-fixed specimens by mail for tissue processing services. To expedite delivery of results and to facilitate global collaboration, HistoWiz offers whole-slide imaging and pathology services, allowing researchers to remotely and instantly view high-magnification images of their specimens via a secure, cloud-based “virtual microscope” on any computer or mobile device without downloading any software or gigabyte-sized files.
37. infoharmoni : Inforharmoni is a data visualization company that visualizes real-time social web and aggregates content.
38. canix : Canix is building the first generation of modern software for the burgeoning cannabis industry. We help our customers overcome daunting compliance regulation, sell more product, and optimize their day to day operations—from cultivation, to processing, to distribution. Recent winner of TechCrunch Disrupt 2020, find out more at TechCrunch and canix.com.
39. mailtime : MailTime Email Messenger: Mobile email client that makes emails as quick and easy as texting. MailTime AI: Draft and proofread emails using generative AI.
40. mrelief : mRelief is a nonprofit that provides an easy-to-use platform on the web and text messaging -- at 74544 -- for Americans to sign up for SNAP. Built on public datasets provided by the USDA on BBCE and COVID-19 Waivers, they help people find out if they might be likely eligible for SNAP in all 50 states and DC.
41. depot : Depot is a build acceleration platform making builds up to 40x faster for Docker containers and GitHub Actions. Companies like PostHog, Wistia, Appsmith, and Secoda use Depot to save tens of hours of build time every day. We offer a remote container build service for building Intel & Arm Docker images, from your CI or local machine, up to 40x faster. Our container builds come with in-depth build insights, ephemeral registries, and instant cache sharing across your team. Finally, we also offer our own Depot GitHub Actions Runners that brings all the speed of Depot to your entire GitHub Actions workflow at half the cost of GitHub-hosted runners, and up to 10x faster builds. Simply change the runs-on label of your existing workflow to route jobs to Depot runners. Kyle and Jacob worked together as staff engineers for 4.5 years at Thorn and Era Software, before founding Depot. Depot is their solution to the wildly inefficient container build tooling and non-performant CI systems they encountered throughout their careers.
42. anfin : Anfin is a modern trading platform that aims to democratize access to financial services and wealth management for Vietnam’s retail investors. Our mission is to help the underserved retail investor navigate the complexities of investments in Vietnam, from stock market to the underutilized commodity trading. We are backed by international renowned investors such as YC, Goodwater Capital, Global Founders Capital, and many more.
43. wright-electric : Wright Electric is building commercial electric airplanes for lower prices, higher safety, and zero emissions. The Wright 1 is a 186 passenger electric plane designed for routes like LA-SF and London-Paris. We work with airlines like easyJet and VivaAerobus.
44. nobell-foods : Nobell Foods is creating cheese and other dairy products from plant-derived dairy proteins for the 99% of people who are unwilling to compromise on taste and price.
45. allo : Allo connects neighboring families to help them establish their local "village" for social and practical support. At Allo, we believe children benefit from being raised in strong communities of friends, families, and neighbors. Unfortunately, it has become difficult to foster such an environment in our ever-fragmented offline lives, despite our ever-connected online networks. We're working to change that. Allo aims to strengthen local networks of friends, families, and neighbors by giving them a better way to respond to each other’s needs. With Allo, asking for a favor is no longer awkward and connecting with the right group to find the social and practical support you need is simpler. By making it easier for friends, families, and neighbors to connect, communicate, and coordinate online to help each other offline, we layer in a much-needed element of real-life, real-world interaction and community - something that everyone yearns for and families actually need to get by.
46. likebetter : An online personality test game, where you look at two photos and choose which one you “Like Better”.
47. team-apart : Team Apart is a real-time online group collaboration tool.
48. kairo-health : Kairo Health builds AI agents that help deliver patient care at a fraction of the cost. The US has a shortage of nurses, care coordinators, and administrators, all of whom spend a significant portion of their days navigating disparate software systems like their EHR and waiting on hold for hours over the phone. Organizations have little incentive to grow these teams, which leads to burnout and inefficiency. Kairo scales this support staff by recording their actions and translating them into instructions for our agents to execute on their own. Organizations can deploy these agents for any care delivery workflow, such as calling patients to check-in on their symptoms, rescheduling a clinician’s panel in case of an emergency, and filling late cancellation slots with other patients.
49. hippo-scribe : Burdensome documentation is the #2 reason causing burnout for physical therapists. More than half of all physical therapists have to write documentation in their free time without pay. up to 2 hours a day. Our AI Scribe listens, generate first draft of clinical documentation in minutes, and sync reviewed documentation to EMR in 2 seconds. With us, clinicians can finish documentation 70% faster and become happier.
50. supermedium : Supermedium is a VR space to read books and comics, watch videos, view art, browse the Web, send messages, browse social media in a comfortable and focused environment. We're building a post-screen world to improve how we interact with technology by providing more screens, larger screens even while laying down, in a portable form factor. https://supermedium.com/
51. remora : We're building a device that captures a semi-truck’s carbon emissions directly from the tailpipe. We'll sell the CO2 to end-users, and share that revenue with our customers, so our device will create a new revenue stream for our customers while reducing their emissions.
52. whitenoise : Whitenoise is like a social network for the music industry. It comes with specially made tools for bands, agents, publicists, and venues to manage each part of their business. Bands will be able to manage their cross country tours by map, using a venue search to find gigs in any town they're passing through. Venues will get access to a full list of artists in their area along with samples and ways to reach their agent to book a show.
53. lokal : 
54. stempad : You can think of Stempad as a Notion for science. It is the world's first true pen-and-paper alternative to fast scientific writing and collaborating. Quickly switch between different forms of technical visualization with the ease of a whiteboard and the convenience of your keyboard. Stempad allows you to share your work, collaborate in real time, store your data, annotate, write papers, plan, takes notes, create presentations, and so much more. Our vision is to make it easier and faster for students and scientists to digitize and share their scientific ideas.
55. rappi : Rappi is a mega high growth, Series B, consumer tech StartUp looking to be the everything store of Latin America. We are a marketplace that connects users who want to purchase prepared foods, groceries, clothes, and more with contractors who fulfil them. Think of Rappi as a Doordarsh meets Delivery meets Instacart. We are venture backed by top VCs in the world including Sequoia, DST, Andreessen Horrowitz and YCombinator. Management consultant skills are highly valued and one of the founders and three of the company's top leaders are former top tier management consultants. We are across Argentina, Brasil, Mexico, Colombia and are aggressively growing in these markets and all throughout LatAm.
56. advantage-club : Advantage Club is a global platform for employee engagement including rewards, flexible benefits, perks and communities. We are currently live with 1000+ companies across 100+ countries and have a ARR of ~$8m. Our revenue has grown ~4x in the last 1 year.
57. meru : Nurses can spend 40% of their shift doing documentation. We double a nurse's productivity, and reduce documentation burden with a voice flowsheet interface.
58. you-got-listings-inc : You Got Listings is an all-in-one apartment Marketing Platform for brokerages and management companies. Founded in 2009, You Got Listings through innovation and automation has helped push over 3 Million properties in front of prospect renters. We are here to provide the rentals industry with the most comprehensive online marketing solution.
59. parker : Parker is a digital bank.
60. hello-chair : Hello, Chair Inc. was founded in 2006 by Luke Iannini, Mike Jacobs and Kevin Corcoran to explore opportunities in applied machine learning and internet advertising. After receiving funding from Y-Combinator in 2007, we produced Adpinion, one of the first advertising networks to utilize user feedback to drive personalized targeting. Our core technology — the recommendation engine called SparseReduce — has since proved infinitely adaptable in such diverse problem domains as Amazon product recommendation, eBay auction discovery, image and language comprehension, and Twitter stream exploration. The latest application of SparseReduce is Appsaurus, an app discovery platform which was released on the eve of 2010 to overwhelming critical acclaim. We're backed by some pretty incredible investors: Harrison Metal, Mitch Kapor, Chris Sacca, Y-Combinator and David Parker to name a few. We're also proud to have Alexis Ohanian as an advisor.
61. zidisha : Zidisha is the world's first direct peer-to-peer lending service to bridge the international wealth divide, allowing individuals worldwide to lend to and communicate with borrowers in developing countries without local intermediaries. The direct connection creates better transparency, more profit for the entrepreneurs and lenders, and greater wealth creation for the world's poorest communities. We've been featured in numerous press and media for our groundbreaking work in using internet and mobile phone technologies to connect entrepreneurs in some of the world's most isolated and impoverished places with the international peer-to-peer lending market.
62. nectome : Nectome is a neuroscience startup that aims to preserve the brain and keep all its memories intact. The company is building the next generation of tools to preserve the connectome. The connectome is all the connections called synapses between neurons in the brain. Researchers from the company is now learning to manipulate individual memories, building advanced brain prosthetics, and reverse-engineering the brain.
63. whirlscape : Whirlscape high-tech startup with roots in human-computer interaction (HCI) and advanced machine learning/computational linguistics.
64. javelin-robotics : We help truckers cut delivery times, increasing productivity and adding much needed capacity to the freight industry. We do this by building autonomy software that tag-teams with human drivers. Conventional trucks drive ~120K miles/ year. Trucks with our tech can hit more than 190K miles/ year.
65. indemni : We are building a safer supply chain. Cargo Theft has been increasing yearly, and the supply chain industry is urgently looking for ways to solve this. Using experience fighting fraud at the largest delivery marketplaces and logistics tech companies, we are building solutions to stop Cargo Theft and improve profit margins and revenue for warehouses and shippers.
66. scribd : Scribd gives you access to millions of ebooks, audiobooks, magazines, podcasts, and more — all in one place, for one price. OUR VISION Inspire the world through stories and knowledge. OUR MISSION Build the largest and most accessible library connecting storytellers with their audience. If you love working with smart, motivated people, you’ll love working at Scribd. We value our employees, we demonstrate accountability, and we take action. We’re one team with a common goal: helping our customers flourish.
67. persistiq : PersistIQ is a free email automation platform to send a small batch of personalized emails. We help hundreds of small teams (1-200 employees), particularly YC companies, send batches of personalized emails for sales, marketing, and other customer outreach. Our platform is simple to set up, allows custom sequence building, A/B testing, and analytics. Our integrations with Salesforce, Copper, and Zapier allow for a streamlined workflow.
68. filta : Filta is the face filter NFT marketplace being built by veterans from Pixar/Oculus/Facebook. We partner with creators to release limited-edition filters for their fans to use on social media. It turns out: the face filters you see everywhere on Snapchat and Instagram are created by independent artists - not by the platforms. These artists ALMOST NEVER get money for their work - which is insane! Filta fixes this by giving these creators a marketplace and the best filter creation tool anywhere. Interested in working on the future of digital fashion, AR/VR, and web3? Hit us up. We're hiring.
69. airbyte : Airbyte is the leading open data movement platform that empowers data teams in the AI era by transforming raw data into actionable intelligence. With the largest catalog of over 350 connectors, it offers low-code, no-code, and AI-powered connector development, and provides flexible deployment options across self-hosted, cloud, and hybrid environments. https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte
70. strikingly : Strikingly lets you build a gorgeous, mobile optimized website in minutes. For your business, organization, or personal branding, a good-looking site is necessary for your online legitimacy in the Mobile Age. With no code or design at all, you can set up a professional website in under 30 minutes, and it'll look great on your phone, tablet, and computer. Check it out at http://www.strikingly.com/. We're hiring! Please see: http://www.strikingly.com/s/careers . Our mission is to give everyone the power to turn their creative ideas into reality and build brands around them. See why: http://www.strikingly.com/s/manifesto
71. greaseboss : Our hardware and software product verifies industrial machines are greased correctly. Incorrect greasing is the number one cause for machinery failure and costs $21bn per annum.
72. trii : trii is a one stop solution that provides a local investing experience for retail investors in Latam. This setup, enhances the user's experience by providing a more secure and faster experience while remaining 100% compliant with local regulators.
73. ixiplay : IXI-Play is building a smart, Android-based robot for young children. They can play games with it; they’ll show the robot cards and it will mimic emotions on them. It sees, hears, speaks and moves. The toy itself retails for $299 but it will also come with an app store and other accessories. It’s a hardware platform that can have customizable skins for different characters so it can either build its own IP or license out IP from other toy companies.
74. syrona-health : Syrona is a solution tackling diversity and Inclusion, for 45% of the workforce that go through women's health events from Endometriosis through to Menopause. We do this though our virtual clinic which provides personalised diagnostic, telemedicine and evidence based self-management tools. The areas we cover are Endometriosis, PCOS, Fertility, Parenthood, Cancer or Menopause.
75. kater-ai : 1. You explain your problem. 2. Kater identifies the most important data questions to ask. 3. Kater writes the code. 4. You get insights in seconds rather than weeks. Kater.ai flips the script on enterprise analytics by making every user an expert analyst. It uses a continuous classification engine to turn a single business question into a contextualized package of questions that is specific to your needs. Kater puts the power of data into the hands of business experts while ensuring they use trusted data that is specific to their persona. No more waiting for data analysts. No more wasted time on analysis misfires and rework. Yvonne was a data engineer and analyst who built the entire data stack at CREXi. Robin led engineering in Microsoft. Data is the new oil. Companies are data-rich, insight-poor. We're helping companies become insight-rich. This is the future of data.
76. ancana : With Ancana, you can own a 1/4 or 1/8 share of the home and split expenses with the other co-owners. If you buy a 1/4 share of a home, you have access to it for 3 months of the year. For each property we set up the investment trust, find qualified co-owners, and handle the entire real estate purchase transaction. Costs are split amongst the co-owners, and we take care of the furnishing and ongoing property management. We accomplish this by creating an investment trust for each property and dividing it into individual, purchasable shares that represent ownership in the property. We furnish each home and find and vet the co-owners. Once all of the shares of the property are sold, we retain no ownership stake in the property and transition into the role of property manager, ensuring the home is well maintained and handling any issues that arise. Unlike a timeshare, Ancana owners own a real asset (the property) versus a block of time. If you decide you want to sell your share, you are free to do so at any time, either through us or on the open market, and capture any appreciation the property has accrued.
77. flower : Flower is an open-source framework for training AI on distributed data using federated learning. Companies like Banking Circle, Nokia, Porsche, and Brave use Flower to easily improve their AI models on sensitive data that is distributed across organizational silos or user devices. Almost all AI today is based on centralized public data — a small fraction of the data we have; we believe that training on orders of magnitude more data will unlock the next leaps in AI.
78. hedgehog-2 : Hedgehog builds robotic mushroom farms. Our robots eliminate labor and our AI optimizes grow conditions to increase yield. We’ll soon grow mushrooms and fungi for <1/3rd the cost of leading growers. Fungi may address our food system’s biggest problems: they transform agricultural waste into protein-rich foods with near-zero environmental impact. Hedgehog’s technology is unleashing fungi as our next major food source.
79. pide-directo : Pidedirecto is a restaurant management platform that optimizes operations, increases revenue, and enhances customer experience. Its comprehensive toolset includes point of sale, payment terminals, online ordering, delivery management, loyalty programs, and integrations with third-party services. All for a reasonable fixed monthly fee, without eating up margins with hefty commissions and service charges.
80. ultralight : Ultralight is a GPU-accelerated toolkit to embed modern HTML in games and native apps. Available for C and C++ on Windows, macOS, Linux, Xbox, PlayStation, ARM64 devices, and more. Developed in collaboration with leading game studios, built GPU-first on a new, lightweight fork of WebKit.
81. loop-genomics : Loop Genomics provides long-read sequencing solutions across a diverse set of research and clinical applications. Our platform for long-read DNA sequencing transforms short-read DNA sequencers into long-read sequencing machines.
82. circuitlab : CircuitLab makes it easier for electrical engineers, students, and electronics hobbyists to design, analyze, build, and share electronic circuits.
83. bump-2 : Our vision is that anyone with a passion for collectibles (sneakers, NFTs, sports cards, Pokemon cards etc.) will need a Secured membership to access the ultimate market advice and best connect with their community.
84. planet-a-foods : Imagine a world without chocolate. Horrifying, right? But the supply of cocoa is endangered and chocolate is as bad as meat for our planet. We make future-proof chocolate using precision fermentation. Doing this, our chocolate is 10x more sustainable and 20% cheaper than conventional chocolate. In order to mimic the organoleptic properties of chocolate (tender, smoothly melting taste release) we are working on the flavor itself but also on replacing the cocoa butter. 55 Mio lbs of chocolate are consumed every day. By 2035 we will substitute a big chunk of it through our sustainable chocolate. In addition, we are working on extending our technology platform to additional ingredients such as palm oil.
85. humane-genomics : Humane Genomics has developed a platform to engineer cancer killing viruses. We have taken a first principles approach to design and make oncolytic viral therapies. Using a highly lytic RNA virus engineered with "2 factor authentication" (using selective infection and selective replication) they have an on-target to off-target kill ratio > 1000. We are working on our first indication, pediatric liver cancer (hepatoblastoma), with our partners at Texas Children's Hospital, who are world leading experts. We have in vivo (mouse) data showing safety and currently developing efficacy data and are showing 50% reduction in tumor volume.
86. enso : Enso Analytics is a self-service data prep and analysis platform for data teams. It transforms complex processes into repeatable workflows, saving users 7 hours weekly. With full configuration visibility, seamless environment transitions, and real-time updates, Enso caters to both non-programmers and developers, offering cloud and desktop options. DEMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OBrYjpgCSEE
87. filestack : Filestack helps 100,000 apps access, personalize and embed end user content, all in one API. Filestack handles all steps in a company's file journey while providing custom built machine learning models and enhanced upload reliability to deliver the ultimate content experience. We are culturally diverse with folks from Canada, IE, Poland, Ukraine, South Africa, India, Boston, Colorado, and North Carolina.
88. tutorcloud : 
89. anniecannons : AnnieCannons (AC) is a 501(c)3 nonprofit dedicated to training survivors of human trafficking and gender-based violence to be programmers, giving them both the economic and technological empowerment to invent solutions to overcome the hardships they have survived, and the capacity to support themselves and their families.
90. ecsa : FX Bank, enabling foreign companies to send and collect payments in Brazil and Latam using PIX and other domestic payment methods. 100% verticalized financial institution in Brazil and overseas.
91. kapa-ai : kapa.ai makes it easy for technical companies to build AI support and onboarding bots for their users. Teams at +150 leading startups and enterprises incl. OpenAI, Mixpanel, Mapbox, Docker, Next.js and Prisma use kapa to level up their developer experience and reduce support. We enable companies to use their existing technical knowledge sources incl. docs, tutorials, chat logs, and GitHub issues to generate AI bots that answers developer questions automatically. More than 750k developers have access to kapa.ai via website widgets, Slack/Discord bots, API integrations, or via Zendesk.
92. frogmetrics : Frogmetrics aggregates your data from unlimited locations, automatically finds the most important statistics, and helps you gain insights about your business from your web browser. The company wants to place touch screens in restaurants, stores, and other brick and mortar establishments that can be used to collect customer feedback on the spot. The devices ask customers a few questions at the point of sale about their experience and can collect contact information about customers to generate leads. The information gathered across physical locations is aggregated and analyzed for trends and other statistics.
93. sublime-black : 
94. chow-central-inc : Founded in October 2022, Chow Central is building technology to disrupt the food industry in Nigeria. The goal is to profitably provide food to as many people as possible in record time. Chow Central has launched its first product "500chow". A delivery-only quick service restaurant that serves customers in record time. 500chow has 10x lower costs than traditional brick-and-mortar restaurants, and 10x more online orders. Our customers love us for our super fast and cheaper deliveries. We are able to do this by launching hyper-locally within a 3km radius. We are very focused on solving real problems in the food industry one scalable product at a time.
95. simetrik : No code enterprise SaaS for financial control automation. Empowering finops and accounting teams with a no code platform that allows them to automate and maintain financial control automation throughout the finops process.
96. ai-fashion : AI.Fashion is the AI creative suite for the fashion industry - modernizing the traditional design and go to market fashion processes with our advanced AI platform and design tools. On the design side - our platform allows brands to create physically accurate digital versions of their unreleased clothing line before even beginning their productions processes, dramatically helping to reduce waste. And on the marketing side - we enable them to create photorealistic imagery of the clothing on a multitude of sizes, which creates a better experience for their customers because they have way more information about how the clothing will actually fit before they purchase.
97. carsabi : Carsabi is the search engine for used cars
98. expo : Expo lets developers write apps that are written in JavaScript and run natively on Android, iOS, and the web. Our cloud services that work with all Expo and React Native apps, named Expo Application Services (EAS), further speeds up teams by helping them get to the app stores as fast as possible and continue growing. We believe that mobile apps provide a better experience than websites, but making apps is much more difficult than it needs to be. With Expo, we're bringing together the best of the web, like its development speed, fast iteration cycles, easy deploys, and automatic cross-platform support, and the performance, device capabilities, and user experience of native apps.
99. trackchain : TrackChain OS unifies all communications, data, and transportation processes into a single intelligent platform without disrupting existing workflows. Our platform revolutionizes end-to-end logistics operations through an intuitive interface, powered by advanced AI agents and seamless API integrations. With zero-training required and instant setup, teams can immediately begin using our freight management features, automating everything from carrier procurement, intelligent load assignment, real-time shipment tracking, automated freight audit & payments, to predictive transportation analytics. We transform logistics operations, delivering proven results. Our customers reduce time spent on daily freight tasks by 80% (saving 40+ hours per week), freeing teams to focus on strategic initiatives. Through automated workflows and data-driven decisions, they achieve 30% reduction in transportation costs - translating to millions in annual savings.
100. roger : Sending and signing contracts should be easy. So why is it that existing eSignature tools are all so janky? The last thing you need is a frustrating eSignature tool. That’s why we’re building Roger — a faster, simpler eSignature. Think of it like what Linear did to Jira.
101. eazipay-inc : We are Gusto for Africa. Eazipay is a simple, 5-minute payroll payment solution for Africa. We have grown from 10 businesses in January to over 200 with over $5k MRR. Eazipay processes 8 payroll payment types (Taxes, Pension, Insurances, etc) with just one-click and with our own payment infrastructure. Eazipay Payroll APIs are also available for neobanks and commercial banks - to reach at least 50k businesses.
102. zelos-cloud : Zelos Cloud is accelerating electronics product development with powerful tools for emulation, tracing, and automated testing on real microcontrollers in the cloud. As firmware engineers, we spent years developing and shipping products at scale. Between batteries, bootloaders and brain implants, we've seen it all. Our mission is to build the tools we wish we had to enable teams to ship higher quality products, faster.
103. retrofix-ai : RetroFix is a web platform that allows contractors to automatically apply for tax incentives and sustainability credits. Currently, contractors rarely apply for credits because discovering incentives, checking eligibility, and applying are all done manually via emails and phone calls with local utilities and/or government offices. RetroFix consolidates information on government incentives and allows building managers/contractors to apply in minutes, saving hundreds of thousands of dollars per building.
104. latent-space : Latent Space develops AI applications specifically designed to address the unique challenges and opportunities in emerging economies. Our first products are GoVisa (AI-enabled online visa and permits application) and SuperAI (administrative workflows automation) for the Indonesian and Southeast Asian markets.
105. plume : Plume is an energy renovation copilot that helps real estate agents and contractors with energy audits and renovation planning. Our first customer, a real estate marketplace, uses Plume to provide potential buyers with precise energy renovation scenarios, cutting the time to sell a house in half. Using thermodynamic models, public housing data, satellite imagery and AI, Plume enables remote energy assessments of any building. In Europe alone, 35 million homes face regulatory pressure to be retrofitted within the next 5 years, and 220 million over the next 25 years. Plume leverages the founding team's unique expertise: Marc, a Harvard satellite researcher; JB, a thermodynamics engineer; and Edouard, a sales and product builder from Palantir.
106. typa-by-weavel : Typa automates inbound by posting authentic, everyday content crafted by AI. Simply chat with Typa and share your tasks, thoughts, or challenges - and AI generates content that sounds just like you, with your own insights incorporated. Watch your outreach grow on platforms like Twitter, LinkedIn, Bluesky, Medium, and more.
107. photoroom : Photoroom provides photo editing software powerful enough to create outstanding images yet simple enough to be used without any training. We leverage deep learning to translate pixels into objects, drastically simplifying non-creative tasks such as removing backgrounds from images. Our mission: enable entrepreneurs and small businesses to compose images that stand out.
108. snipd : Grab pieces of enjoyable content from any page, save them online, and share without having to copy/paste using a simple bookmarklet. For bloggers and media sites, Snipd's widget enables readership to Snip images, videos, or text enjoyed most within articles. Snipd content becomes a destination for users, rather than a list of bookmarks because users are able to enjoy what they saved from within pages on the net. With more and more content to sift through these days, Snipd makes it easier to identify hot-zones in articles. Hot-zones are dumbed-down heat maps for content. Readers can forget skimming and focus on what people are Snipping most on any page. Because a snip is an implicit vote on a piece of content, we aggregate and figure out what area of an article is attracting the most attention.
109. eugit-therapeutics : Eugit Therapeutics targets the issue of non-specific drugs that cause toxicity and clinical trial failures, affecting millions with tissue-specific inflammatory diseases. TAGHOME delivers drugs with precision to diseased tissues using T cell receptors, enhancing safety and improving efficacy. Our initial focus is on the 3.1 million U.S. individuals with Inflammatory Bowel Disease, aiming to initiate clinical trials within two years. Cofounded by George Church (Harvard) and funded by Y Combinator (S22).
110. utilityscore : API that estimates utility costs for 100M+ homes. Helps real estate sites, building industry suppliers, solar companies, and lenders target, engage, and convert more customers.
111. strongintro : StrongIntro is a recruiting tool and a service that lets you tap into the networks of your existing employees. We do so by using both a software and human-centric approach, and we want to help you hire thoughtfully.
112. backpack : Shopping? Buy overseas. Traveling? Earn some extra cash. Let backpack help you save that high shipping cost or earn a little extra. Backpack is a peer-to-peer platform that connects travelers and shoppers to give people access to products across markets in all continents. Each backpacker, regardless of their role as a carrier or a shopper, follows a simple four-step process to either earn or save money from their backpacking experience. Travelers share their travel information and specify what kind of items they want to carry. Then they wait to get a "backpack request" and ask their price. Finally, they confirm the deal, buy the items, deliver them and earn money. Shoppers on the other hand, search items from their favorite websites and fill out the item description. Then they give their location and find a traveler coming to their city. Finally they "request backpack" and confirm the deal. Within days they can get the product and save money. backpack is founded with a vision to provide every citizen of the world with a choice; the choice of buying organic, authentic, and cost effective products with minimum friction. Whether the product is state-of-the-art consumer electronics, exotic pashmina from the south-east, or even medication that are rare in some parts of the world and not so rare in others - we promise ourselves to get those products to your doorsteps. We would like to reject the counterfeits, we would like to reject the almost-originals, most importantly, we would like to not pay the heavy expense incurred, most of which we deem to be superfluous. Help us make a better, more original globalized world.
113. dosedr : The DoseDr mobile app gives diabetics better control over their disease by helping them adjust their insulin doses between doctor visits. They connect patients to a doctor, who can help them immediately when an issue arises. No appointment necessary, and it's free! Patients are welcome to invite their current doctor to join DoseDr.
114. tastemaker : Tastemaker aims to make interior decorating affordable and accessible to everyone. We believe that everyone should have a beautiful home, and that a little help from a pro can make all the difference in the world. Our mission is to make hiring an interior decorator easy, fun, and affordable.
115. workpay : Workpay provides businesses with tools to manage their employees better and more efficiently. Workpay’s products include time management tools, Payroll (Local & Remote), Statutory Compliance, Benefits, salary disbursements and core HR functions.
116. onetool : Onetool provides businesses with their own app-store for business software. One login, one invoice, and centralized user management. Onetool offers everything from project management software and video conferencing to document signing.
117. treinta : Treinta is a digital ledger app for Latin American microbusinesses with over 5 million users across 18 countries. Through Treinta, users can easily record transactions by assigning products from their inventory and see how their business metrics evolve in real time. Users can also access a B2B marketplace and digital payment solutions.
118. suger : The cloud marketplaces on AWS, Azure, and GCP have become the App Store for B2B software products. It’s growing close to 100% year-over-year since it gives software sellers access to cloud budgets and makes procurement 40% faster. The core problem is the cloud marketplace is hard to navigate and requires an upfront technical investment without knowing the expected ROI. Suger eliminates the need to reinvent the wheel with your own engineering resource or spend a fortune on consulting-based solutions.
119. flutterwave : At Flutterwave, we are on a mission to build payments infrastructure to connect Africa to the global economy. We do this by building technology, tools, and infrastructure for businesses and banks who want to provide a more seamless and secure payments experience for their customers. Founded in 2016 by a team of African finance and technology veterans from Standard Bank, Angela, PayPal, Google Wallet amongst others. Flutterwave has grown to become one of the fastest growing payments companies in the world. Since inception Flutterwave has processed close to $20 billion in payments and 100 million transactions across over 33 African countries where it currently operates. It has attracted significant investment from experienced Fintech investors such as Ycombinator Continuity Fund (investors in Stripe), Greycroft (investors in Braintree and Venmo), Greenvisor Capital, Omidyar Network, and Glynn Capital amongst others. In 2017 Flutterwave was named Africa’s best fintech company at the Apps Africa Innovation Awards.
120. speedscale : Speedscale helps engineers validate their code with real, sanitized traffic. We simulate realistic production conditions in Kubernetes so you no longer need to manually script or use large and complex environments. Catch performance defects before they reach production and reduce weeks-long test cycles down to a few days.
121. jenfi : We back growing digital businesses using revenue based financing. Many of growing businesses in Asia are highly "bankable" yet 50-70% are unable to obtain capital to grow their business. Having been business owners ourselves, we experienced firsthand the struggles of funding a business - from expensive equity options to loans that required personal guarantees. We went live in Singapore first to validate the product/market fit. We plan to expand across the APAC region.. Our sweet spot is backing repeatable business spend - expenses that leads to increased revenue. Our financing product allows businesses to keep growing with us over time. Over a third of our advances today are from repeat borrowers. We created a brand new asset class in Asia - offering flexible repayment options, such as tieing repayment with sales. Business owners LOVE this. Our automated financial technology platform ingests revenue and alternative data sources that gives us a proprietary edge in understanding the behavior of our borrowers. As we collect continuous data, we are able to offer better financial and technology solutions, while mitigating our downside risk. Funds are seamlessly deployed via our virtual Jenfi Wallet and MasterCard solution, giving borrowers flexibility to make payments while giving Jenfi real-time tracking of their spend. Recent coverage: https://techcrunch.com/2020/02/03/jenfi-wants-to-solve-small-business-lending-in-southeast-asia/
122. embark-trucks : Embark Technology develops self-driving truck software. Embark was the first self-driving truck company to achieve an autonomous coast-to-coast drive, the first to reach 100,000 miles driven on public roads, and the first to open a network of transfer points. Embark went public on NASDAQ in 2021 and was acquired by Applied Intuition in 2023.
123. contraforce : ContraForce has developed a first of its kind hyperautomated security platform that enables automated security engineering, AI-operator workflows, and incident response velocity at scale.
124. instantq : InstantQ is an online platform that enables restaurants to distribute JIT promotions to its customers. It was launched in 2009 by Dana Levine and is based in California.
125. aisdr : AiSDR automates sales prospecting. Our software uses AI to automatically write and send sales emails, once a prospective customer engages – we then automatically correspond and book meetings with them. AiSDR's sales emails have an average response rate of 7.1%, which is already on par with the industry response rate from emails written by humans. We are aiming to replace over 600k SDRs, that cost US companies $48B a year.
126. apollo-health : 
127. pragmatic-leaders-ankai-inc : Pragmatic Leaders runs online training programs in product management for mid-career professionals in India. We are a better, faster, and cost-effective alternative to getting an MBA in specialized tech business roles like product, growth, and marketing
128. nutrigene : Our mission is to optimize health and prevent nutrition-related disease, which affects over half of the world’s population. Current supplement solutions are ineffective and inconvenient. Dried pills lack potency while liquid vitamins quickly degrade - neither form gives your body specifically what it needs to perform. Nutrigene helps you optimize your health - by sending you pure, personalized liquid supplements. Pick a goal, fill out our metabolic assessment, and we will optimize your supplements based on scientific research to create unique formulations are 10x more effective than generic off the shelf pill-based formulations.
129. universe : Our mission is to empower everyone to build the internet. Universe is a magical new way to build websites –– it’s the first website builder designed for phones. Our app makes it easy for anyone to make a great looking website and start selling online in minutes from your iPhone, iPad, and Mac. And we make it as fun as playing with Legos! Give it a try: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1211437633 Explore sites made on Universe: https://onuniverse.com/explore We are a remote-first 20+ person company with people all over the US. We were YC W18 and have raised $17.2MM in funding from Google Ventures, General Catalyst, Javelin Venture Partners, Box Group, and more top investors. We value individual agency and ownership –– which guides our product design and our company’s culture. While other companies offer lots of perks, we prioritize your freedom: work from anywhere, in the way you’re at your best. We believe that an individual’s capacity for growth is far larger than most understand, and we’ve designed an environment to support rapid, continuous learning. Ideas here come from everyone, initiative is respected, and quality matters. We are here to build something special and enduring.
130. precious : Precious is the iPhone app that tells the story of your children growing up. Using Artificial Intelligence, the app automatically finds the best baby pics on your phone, and then creates deliciously cute photo stories for you. Our vision is to help all families capture the joy of childhood. To do this, we are building the platform for preserving, enjoying & sharing your family's memories.
131. platypus : For Business Operators: Connect & automate processes on top of any data, crazy fast. For Engineering Teams: Connect any data, across any stack, in any format, crazy fast.
132. whitelab-genomics : We have developed an AI platform enabling to accelerate the discovery and the design of genomic therapies such as Cell Therapies, RNA Therapies and DNA Therapies.
133. sunsama : Sunsama organizes your work one day at a time. In the morning, plan your day. Pick out what you want to work on today by importing your tasks and meetings for the day from your various tools. Decide how much time you want to spend on each item to make sure you're setting realistic goals for yourself. As the day goes on, stay focused. Concentrate on one task at a time. Keep track of how long you've been working, and when it's time to shift your attention to something else. When you're done, shut down for the day. Reflect on what you were able to accomplish. End the day feeling satisfied with what you could do rather than consumed by what you couldn't. Sunsama is built to improve your relationship with your work. Work should be an engine for fulfillment, not for stress and anxiety.
134. haddock : haddock is a fintech SaaS that helps restaurants improve their margins thanks to real-time cost control. We use Artificial Intelligence and Optical Character Recognition to digitize documents, export all data, and bring it to the restaurant in real-time. It is as simple as taking a picture of an invoice and uploading it. We also integrate with several different POS, making it even easier. We help discover restaurants’ P&L, margins, price variations, and many more business insights. Thanks to haddock restaurants can control price variations and make better business decisions based on real-time updated data.
135. viya : We make living in city centers affordable in LATAM. We offer room and apartment leases paired with seamless services (cleaning, maintenance, laundry, dry cleaning) to make our tenant's lives less hectic. With a current MRR at $60k growing 20% weekly for last 3 months with margins tracking 40%. Team is from MIT with background in real estate looking to improve rental experience for tenants and owners with technology.
136. monthli : HOA operations made simple. Monthli is a SaaS platform which powers Homeowner Associations to more easily run their business operations.
137. ivella : Ivella builds banking and savings products that are designed for couples, no matter where they are in their relationship. Whether you've been dating for months are signing up for the The Split Account or have been married for decades and are signing up for The Joint Account and Savings Pods, we've got a product for you.
138. entvin : Entvin helps life sciences companies like pharmaceuticals and biotechs to securely deploy AI, specifically large language models (LLMs), on their own infrastructure. By customizing and integrating LLMs such as Llama, Gemini, GPT-4, and Claude, Entvin enhances workflows in R&D, clinical trials, and regulatory teams. Our platform ensures data security and compliance, eliminating the need to send sensitive information to external servers. Founded by IIT Bombay graduates, Entvin is committed to accelerating research and bringing drugs to patients faster while maintaining the utmost privacy and control over your data. Our solutions empower enterprises to leverage AI without compromising on data security.
139. deluux : Deluux aims to become distributed Facebook, or inverted Ning, by relocating the center of people's online identities to their websites, which exist outside of any one social network. The service will facilitate the distribution of personalized content around the web and help drive traffic to websites. It has yet to launch.
140. voxli : Voxli offers browser-based group voice chat for gamers and teams. Users of Voxli can voice chat with up to 200 people at a time without leaving the browser or setting up a voice server. Each group voice chat exists at a persistent URL, which can be shared with friends via email or IM. Voxli works on Windows and Mac, and supports push-to-talk (walkie talkie) functionality outside of the browser. Voxli is currently free while it is in open beta.
141. spiral-genetics : Spiral Genetics (YC W19) makes genomic data mining software to compare large populations of whole human genomes. Our customers are genetics testing companies, governments of countries, and pharma companies. We train our machine learning algorithms to enable large scale comparison of genomes to power novel discoveries, enabling new diagnostics and drugable targets.
142. ukama : 
143. wren : With Wren, anyone can offset their carbon footprint by supporting credible nature, industry, and policy projects. We also show users how they can reduce their carbon footprint. We make it easy for anyone to turn climate confusion into climate action.
144. afrostream : Afrostream brings you the best black shows, films, web series and more, streaming online anytime, anywhere. The site boasts an international library of 1,000+ hours of premium content, subtitled or dubbed according to the local market. Afrostream has licensing deals in place with Warner Brothers, Sony, Viacom, Lionsgate, and Sky Vision among others. The company has signed distribution deals with TF1, Orange and Bouygues telecom and debuted in the summer of 2016 on set-top boxes in over 12 million households in Europe. Afrostream was previously incubated by Silicon Valley’s prestigious Y Combinator and has secured investments from Orange, Cross Culture Ventures, and ACE & Company. Afrostream is accessible on Smart TVs, on the web, iPad, iPhone, and Android devices in 28 countries in Europe and Africa. Afrostream targets the 15M people of African descent in Europe and 936M Africans in sub-Saharan Africa.
145. abbot : Abbot helps customer-facing teams work with their customers in Slack. Abbot watches activity to make sure that customers get replies quickly. Once Abbot joins a room, it summarizes conversations, tags relevant topics, and even suggests next steps. Abbot's Insights make it easy to see your team's responsiveness at a glance. Want to automate common tasks? Abbot's built-in Skills functionality (think: small bits of code we run for you) can be triggered by customer topics, on a schedule, in response to external webhooks, or directly from chat.
146. ajaib : Ajaib is an online brokerage that allows Indonesians to buy and sell stocks, ETFs and mutual funds. We are Indonesia's leading financial technology platform driven by a mission to educate the importance of investing for the future. Guided by the three principles; Everyone is an owner, a growth mindset, and a will to win, we aim to increase the number of financial inclusion within Indonesians through investment. Ajaib is committed to opening the door to access safe, trusted and affordable investment instruments. We transformed the way young generations invested when we first established in 2018. Today, Ajaib is the third-largest brokerage by the number of transactions in Indonesia, with over 1 million investors based on our platform and titled as the fastest-growing unicorn in South East Asia.
147. superside : Superside is the leading Creating-as-a-Service company, and today helps 450+ ambitious brands like Google, Meta, Amazon, Salesforce, Coinbase get great design and creative done at scale. Superside is a fully remote tech-enabled creative company with 750 team members in 72 countries and 17 time zones. Superside delivers more reliable creative performance than any other solution on the market, and helps the world's leading brands with advertising, brand design and video. At Superside, our goal is to be the best at finding top creative talent anywhere in the world, and our promise is to build the fastest possible way to accelerate creative careers. We build technology to make it simple for customers to submit and manage projects, and to increase the productivity of our creative team. With a highly efficient operating model where we never do pitch work, never submit for awards and where we ensure 90+% team utilization, we are able to keep prices at around one third of the price of traditional advertising and design agencies. Since going through Y Combinator W16, Superside has raised capital from Luxor Capital, Prosus Ventures, Freestyle Capital, Slack Fund, Sam Altman, High Alpha and Alliance Ventures.
148. acunote : 
149. 1849-bio : 1849 bio designs microbes enabling cheap metal extraction allowing miners to unlock value from low quality copper and gold ores. Surprisingly, the mining industry is one of the largest scale users of biotech in the world with biomining processes accounting for ~1% of global copper production. Biomining is ultra-low cost, running around ~$1/ton of ore vs ~$7/ton for conventional processes. Unfortunately, while biomining is cheap, it can’t be applied to over 80% of copper ores, leaving vast resources without profitable extraction methods. An estimated ~$800B of copper sit today in waste materials and stockpiles with negative unit economics. While a great deal of effort has been spent on optimizing microbial metal extraction processes, very little effort has been spent on optimizing the microbes themselves. To change that, we’re creating new biotech tools and platforms applied directly to the types of biology most relevant to miners. This enables us to develop new microbes and tackle some of the most difficult problems in biomining, unlocking billions in value from unprofitable resources while being more environmentally friendly than conventional processes. We’re world class microbial engineers. We met while doing our PhDs in synthetic biology, where we spent our time applying and developing the most advanced bioengineering technologies to engineer living cells.
150. locent : 
151. culture-biosciences : Culture Biosciences grows cells for biotech companies. Our customers genetically modify organisms to produce new therapeutics, materials, fuels and foods. We help them quickly run experiments and develop manufacturing processes so they can get their products to market faster. We've built proprietary software and automation systems to make operating our bioreactors more efficient than existing systems. We also provide customers with new software tools that help them analyze and contextualize their data. We are currently serving a number of biotech customers and scaling out our infrastructure.
152. branch-ai : Boost conversions & organic SEO traffic by adding AI to your search box, unlocking personalized answers, suggestions, comparisons & more Solutions - Add AI Overviews to Search (Boost Conversions) - Save Answers as Landing Pages (Boost Organic SEO)
153. udhaar-app : We are a simple book-keeping app, to help 30M micro SMEs run their finances digitally. I was visiting Pakistan. 1-day, asked our local store owner on plans for his next location. His response, 'never'. Since business operations & money flow are manual, he worked 16 hours / 7 days to minimize theft. Zero time with family. We got obsessed with identifying how we can help small business owners run their business and have a life. Everything in Pakistan is manual, store credit, sales, purchasing inventory, cash management, tax filings, payments, etc. This idea got us hooked as it allows us to build a large company and have a huge impact on ~30M small businesses in Pakistan that contribute 74% of the overall GDP. Explosion in 4G adoption (91M 4G subscribers, 720% growth in 5 years), is helping drive product market fit: i. >1M downloads ii. 4.6 star rating on Playstore & Appstore iii. MAUs & GTV: get in touch :)
154. houm : Houm is an all-in-one real estate marketplace that helps landlords find tenants, collect rent, and manage their properties in Latam.
155. openland : Openland is a messenger for communities. It is focused on fundamental human needs: making new friends, safe self-expression, and learning from others. Openland is a home for some of the most active and supportive chat communities on the Internet. Anyone can start and grow their own community on Openland, for free. Openland was founded in 2017 and is based in San Francisco. The company is backed by 30 prominent venture investors, including Y Combinator, Gagarin Capital, Sinai Ventures, Soma Capital, Liquid 2 Ventures, and Rainfall Ventures.
156. nextdrop : NextDrop is a for-profit enterprise with a social mission- we want to rid the world of its water problems. It’s not a big deal. We think it can be done. And what we’ve managed to achieve so far only reaffirms our belief. NextDrop was founded in 2011 with a pilot in Hubli-Dharwad district of Karnataka. Four years later, we have 70,000 users registered with us across Karnataka. Our vision is simple- we want to link the private sector, government utilities and citizens to create an endless loop of timely service provision and feedback collection, and bridge all the gaps in between. And to do this, we try to harness the latest, cutting edge technology. Water is our mission. Data is our business. NextDrop crowdsources water data and creates algorithms and visualizations to improve urban water distribution across emerging markets. Urban residents can get a text message an hour before water arrives, if water supply is cancelled, or if there is contamination or low pressure present in the pipe network. On the utility side, engineers get a live feed on problems arising in the distribution system, so they can tackle issues in real time.
157. abundance-labs : 
158. infinity : Infinity is a banking and payments platform for cross-border businesses in India. We help our customers make cross-border payments that are 70% cheaper than traditional methods and earn income on idle cash by investing in government securities.
159. wave : Building extremely affordable financial infrastructure for Africa.
160. rulebase : We build AI agents that protect fintechs and banks from account takeovers, impersonations, and phishing attacks, while also automating fraud investigations. Our AI agent gathers and analyzes all the necessary evidence, reducing the average investigation time from 30 minutes to just 2 minutes.
161. canopy-labs : Every customer reaches a buying decision in their unique way – Canopy Labs helps businesses to track and optimize their customer journey. Using our platform, businesses can plan more targeted marketing campaigns and optimize their lead lists, with a focus on maximizing revenue and sales growth. Our platform is currently being used in a variety of industries, including sports, ticket sales, daily deals, and online retail, and customers ranging from $10B retailers to small online businesses. Canopy Labs has offices in Toronto and New York City. The company is led by CEO Wojciech Gryc, who is a former McKinsey consultant and Rhodes Scholar, and CTO Jorge Escobedo, who has a PhD in Theoretical Physics and researched string theory. It is backed by Y Combinator, BDC IT Ventures Fund, and Valar Ventures.
162. phonesys : Formerly Pingm.
163. coub : Coub is a short looped video service. They are easy to create online and can be featured with soundtrack. The resulting videos are highly viral, thats why Coub is a fast growing. It has already more than 51M unique visitors per month.
164. sycamore : Sycamore is committed to up to date, clear earnings information for contractors. The goal is to let you choose the job that maximizes your earnings.
165. the-muse : The Muse is a values-based careers site that helps Gen Z and millennial candidates find a career path and search for jobs at companies whose people, benefits, and values align with their unique professional needs. For employers, our marketplace results in a more efficient hiring process that results in better "matches" - and therefore better retention.
166. mojo : 
167. make-school : Make School is redesigning college for the 21st century. Our bachelor's degree program combines liberal arts, computer science theory, software development, and character development with an emphasis on preparing students for successful careers as software engineers, product managers, or entrepreneurs. Our alumni work at Facebook, Google, Apple, Snapchat, LinkedIn, Lyft and more. Our college is accessible to students of all backgrounds, 40% are underrepresented minority students and 50% come from low income families. Students pay tuition as a percentage of earnings once they are employed, directly aligning their incentives with ours. Make School is funded by Learn Capital, Y Combinator, Mitch Kapor, Alexis Ohanian, Tim Draper and others.
168. markupwand : A product that takes PSD files and generates HTML / CSS automatically, and asks a few questions to generate the view templates with a few simple inputs from a backend developer.
169. crowdery : Crowdery is an online platform, allowing its users to vote on their favorite product design out of a set. It then builds its users a personalized marketplace of their top picks, and top products are opened for them to pre-order at a discount. Crowdery was launched in 2013 by Maran Nelson and Aditya Viswanathan. It is based in Mountain View, C.A.
170. risotto : Want to apply AI to your IT Helpdesk queue? Risotto helps you grant software access, limit access/permission grants by time, serve knowledge, and get approvals from people like managers. All using natural language directly in chat (AKA "ChatOps") IT teams spend too much time manually provisioning software and answering the same question repeatedly. We help them improve resolution times, reduce SaaS spend, and enhance security with 24/7 automated software access and IT support. Check us out at: https://www.tryrisotto.com
171. jumpstart : With Novel, international founders can get a U.S. business bank account, multi-currency wallets, global transfers in 140+ currencies, and more all in a single place.
172. legalist : Asset management firm that specializes in esoteric private credit assets in litigation and bankruptcy
173. commissary-club : We are the first/only national, for-profit employment platform for people with criminal records. With a community of 11 million+, we work with some of the country's largest employers, through our staffing business (70MillionStaffing.com) and job board (70MillionJobs.com). We've helped thousands of deserving men and women land a job and begin a safe, productive life.
174. flyflow : "I don’t know how I would have found these leads myself." - YC Founder Flyflow enables companies to find prospective customers using AI workflows instead of drowning in tables. Try out our product at app.flyflow.ai. How are we different? (1) Higher quality leads: get to a list that’s so relevant, you’ll want to spend time getting introduced to people there, instead of sending another 1,000 cold emails (2) Incredibly easy to set up: get up and running with a list of prospects in hand in under 10 minutes (3) Integrate the best of different sales tools all in one place: no need to switch between different tabs for web research, filtering by company size, and finding prospect LinkedIns
175. hipset : The best way for artists to release new music and videos.
176. boundo : Boundo uses generative AI to replace SDRs. Tell our platform who you're looking for, and it will find and contact high quality sales leads in a fully automated way! We’ve tuned our models to write near-human outbound sales emails with proven conversion. Best of all, we're using our own tool to do all of our sales.
177. unravel-carbon : Unravel Carbon is a leading sustainability data management platform, used in 48+ countries. It uses AI/ML to help enterprises transform any operational data into full carbon supply chain data, helping them measure, track and report on their sustainability performance. It is already serving some of the world’s largest companies and is backed by Sequoia and Y Combinator.
178. ubiq : Welcome to the home of wireless presentations on LinkedIn! Follow us for regular updates, blogs, presentation tips, AV advice and more! Ubiq is a modern meeting room solution that allows users to wirelessly project any content from their tablets or laptops to an existing Projector or TVs. Using our product, you just walk into the meeting room with any device and display your information on the screen seamlessly with just one-click.
179. feroot-security : Feroot (YC W21) is the leading compliance and security platform for b2b websites that helps you easily achieve and maintain compliance with PCI DSS 4.0.1, CCPA, CIPA, HIPAA and 50+ data privacy regulations.
180. microeval : MicroEval will help you create modern, helpful performance reviews. It’s the day of your annual performance review. You’re nervous, and rightfully so! After this meeting you’ll know whether or not you got that raise, if your work has been acceptable or if you should start looking for a new job. No one likes them. In fact, we didn’t even like them...that is until we decided that they didn’t have to be this way. Why shouldn’t performance reviews be helpful? Why shouldn’t they help you improve and grow your skillset? Exactly what we thought. Inspired by personal experiences, our team came together to help transform the performance review process into a worthwhile, meaningful and easy process. Who are we to take on this challenge you ask?
181. cococart : Cococart is the easiest way for anyone to sell anything online. Merchants can set up a store with no code, no design, and no app downloads. 200 million businesses worldwide still use WhatsApp or phone to take orders — but with Cococart, they can set up a website with no learning curve.
182. candidate-ly : Candidately simplifies the process of sharing candidate resumes between staffing firms and their clients. Instead of relying on email attachments, Candidately offers a collaborative space where staffing firms can submit their top candidates, receive prompt client feedback, track client activity on candidate profiles, and increase the number of successful placements.
183. the-third-place : 
184. picplum : Picplum is a photo printing service that is the perfect addition to any family with young children. We know parents are too busy to organize their photos, let alone to find the time to print and share them. That's where Picplum comes in - it's the hassle-free way to share your best moments with friends and family.
185. givespark : Givespark was a celebrity fundraising platform
186. ark : Ark.com is a search engine for people. With Ark, you can search for new people, old classmates, new business contacts, and even your friends. With over a billion social network profiles indexed, and using a modern architecture, Ark provided the most comprehensive people search engine in the world. Prior to founding Ark, our team has experience at Google, AOL, Symantec, Lithium, Yahoo! Research and Y-Combinator.
187. terravion : TerrAvion provides high revisit rate aerial imagery for agriculture. Since 2016 we have been the largest volume provider. TerrAvion Aerial is the best value for growers in imagery: -Imagery helps you to act in season in a comprehensive and quantitative way -Satellites aren't reliability and lack sufficient resolution for agronomic decision-making -Drones don't scale, and thus are expensive and a hassle -TerrAvion beats all competitors on cost/value, flight rate, reliability, speed, and open API -TerrAvion's service allows imagery to be used in tangible value creating use cases with agronomic support TerrAvion creates the most value for our agronomic partners: -Excellent margins are possible when customers are concentrated, still affordable when in new markets -Our program allows for bundling, particularly with agronomic recommendations -We stay out of the advice and prescription side of things to make our agronomic partners stars -Partners have full access to API with all data we collect for use in all their applications -We handle the technical aspects of aerial imagery delivery and education with in-field support under our co-delivery model
188. flotype : Flotype Inc. is a venture-backed company building a suite of enterprise technology for real-time messaging. Flotype takes a unique approach by building developer-friendly technologies focused on ease-of-use and simplicity, while still exceeding enterprise-grade performance expectations. Flotype licenses enterprise-grade middleware, Bridge, to customers ranging from social web and software enterprises to financial and fleet management groups. Other offerings include NowJS, a free, open-source framework, for developers seeking real-time interactivity on Node.js and JavaScript browsers. NowCluster is available for companies seeking scalability and reliability for NowJS applications. Established in 2010 and based in Berkeley, California, Flotype is venture-backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Ignition Partners, InterWest Partners, and Salesforce.com.
189. videopixie : Videopixie is a marketplace for video production that allows users to have great video on the website, such as promotional videos and etc. Videopixie is a marketplace where you can hire the world’s best video professionals at a range of price points, to fit any budget. Retailers use Videopixie to make weekly product videos. Game companies use Videopixie to make trailers, using in-game footage, to air on national TV. Newly-weds use Videopixie to edit their five hours of ‘big-day’ footage into a five minute keepsake for life.
190. jamglue : Jamglue is an online community allowing users to listen or mix music from a library of user-contributed music.
191. marft : Marft creates embeddable machine learning models for application developers. Users submit data by web/API, and receive optimized models implemented in a language of their choice.
192. interlock : 
193. nudgepad : NudgePad is an IDE for prototyping in your browser. It allows anyone to launch a fully hosted custom app in two seconds. NudgePad removes all the pain and complication of starting a project, including server setup, deploying, cloning, version control, SSL, DNS, and API integrations. What’s left is an expandable suite of creative tools that make it easy to design and deploy an app in minutes. Every app created in NudgePad is also a template. Designers and copywriters can use a template with back and front-end functionality to edit content without writing a line of code. As the suite of tools grow, NudgePad will help scale prototypes into finished products.
194. yumbin : Yumbins are mobile POS-powered self-checkout markets that offer a curated mix of the highest quality and healthiest snacks, beverages and essentials to office employees. Think of us as the Square for self-checkout meets on-site mini-Whole Foods. Vending is a stagnant $43 billion industry that has suffered from expensive proprietary hardware, onerous payment acceptance and limited (often wildly unhealthy) selection. We replace this hardware with lightweight software that enables customized product selection and seamless checkout. Offices no longer need to sully their breakrooms with unsightly machines selling stale snacks; rather, they can enjoy the clean and minimal retail look of our Yumbins chock full of delicious products. Initially, we are targeting workplaces where employees pay for snacks, which are the large majority of corporate offices and manufacturing facilities. 1.2M of these sites fall into our target market, of which roughly 50% have vending machines today.
195. seaflight-technologies : Seaflight Technologies has developed a new form of Aerodynamic Flow Control for electrified aircraft that increases range and payload by 30%. That's the same performance improvement you'd get from hopping in a DeLorean to 2035 and coming back with batteries from the future. But it's available today - our tech has been derisked by testing supported by the National Science Foundation, the US Air Force, and the Australian Government. Our first product is a simple fixed-wing large cargo drone that is efficient enough to remove the "green penalty" currently associated with electric aviation. That's a step change from today's conventional platforms. First generation electric aircraft are heavy, expensive, complicated, and limited in terms of range and payload. In the entire history of aviation, that's never been a winning formula. When everyone already has access to the same batteries, materials, and motors, what really makes the difference? The answer is revolutionary aerodynamics, but in a form factor that suits today's operations and manufacturing. Beyond our own drone product line, we have partners across Aerospace helping incorporate our tech into their products. In the future, if you want to have the most efficient and cost-effective flying machine of any description, you'll need Seaflight's Flow Control inside.
196. mindsdb : MindsDB is a fast-growing AI startup headquartered in San Francisco, California. As a leading innovator bringing AI and Data together, our passion is empowering companies to easily build AI capabilities that can Think, Understand and Orchestrate: enabling teams to move from prototyping & experimentation to production in a fast & scalable way. MindsDB was founded in 2017 by Adam Carrigan and Jorge Torres, inspired by Ian M. Banks's Culture series, in which super AI systems called Minds collaborate with other forms of life to accomplish incredible goals. Starting as an Open-Source project, MindsDB has grown to be one of the most widely used AI-Data platforms in the world, with a growing community and more than 700 contributor developers from every corner of the globe. We are backed with over $55M in funding from Mayfield, Benchmark, YCombinator, and nVidia. MindsDB is also recognized by Forbes as one of America's most promising AI companies (2021) and by Gartner as a Cool Vendor for Data and AI (2022).
197. venostent : There are 10 million dialysis and bypass surgeries per year, but half of them fail. VenoStent saves lives with a wrap that goes around blood vessels during surgery so they don't fail.
198. brightloop : BrightLoop is Evernote for teachers. We help teachers use qualitative classroom data to personalize learning and communicate progress. Created by teachers, we support teachers in being able to manage it all while helping them to grow into 21st century learning models. BrightLoop increases teacher satisfaction by taking the stress out of personalized instruction - improving student achievement and teacher retention. By supporting teachers in personalizing instruction, offsetting reliance on standardized data and highlighting a teacher’s positive impact on students, BrightLoop strives to decrease teacher turnover and renew a sense of confidence and respect for the teaching profession.
199. aivideo-com : We built an AI agent to create professional quality videos for 1% of the time and cost of traditional video production. Our AI agent orchestrates the creation of complete videos (script, visuals, VoiceOver, effects, etc.) by utilizing dozens of task-specific AI models in a single workflow.
200. ryvn : Ryvn manages the infrastructure for your applications in your cloud or your customer's cloud. We handle deploying and rolling out updates, provide aggregated logging and monitoring, and offer one-click rollbacks. Expand into regulated industries, accelerate time-to-PoCs, and boost revenue by offering on-prem/self-hosted without the added complexity. Build once, deploy anywhere.
201. audiofocus : If we've learned anything in the last few years it's that spending time with our friends and family is essential to our well-being and happiness. Unfortunately, loud and noisy places like weddings and family gatherings hinder human connection, especially for the hearing impaired. In fact, the biggest unmet need in the entire hearing healthcare industry is hearing in noisy places. AudioFocus helps patients hear in these environments by only enhancing voices nearby the patients and ignoring ones farther away. We do this using acoustics informed machine learning and custom microphone array design. Our goal is to increase the adoption rate of 37M US adults with hearing loss, only 8M use hearing aids today. Founded by Auditory Neuroscientist & AI expert and a Hearing Aid hardware design expert.
202. priime : Priime's founding team of lifetime photographers are made up of Y Combinator alumni who are also seasoned developers and designers. Combining our passion in photography, with our experience and skills of product design and development, we are setting out to lead the world in improving the overall quality of shared photos.
203. accredible : Accredible is connecting education with economic value. We want hiring to be about what you can do, your skills and potential and we want education to be better at improving careers. Accredible is the industry-leading digital credentialing platform that securely issues, manages, tracks, and verifies over 80 million career-advancing credentials globally. Accredible integrates with learning software, including Canvas, D2L Brightspace, Kajabi, Kryterion Webassessor, Moodle, Thinkific, and more. Over 2,000 leading universities, associations, and technology companies such as Google, Skillsoft, Slack, Junior Achievement USA, Chartered Banker Institute, University of Cambridge, AMPP, Hootsuite, IEEE, Cengage, MIT, Rutgers, UC Berkeley, AMBA, and The Digital Marketing Institute rely on Accredible to create, deliver, and manage digital certificates and open badges.
204. overwatch : Overwatch Data offers real-time, actionable intelligence tailored for your fraud, security, and strategic insights teams. Our platform provides a comprehensive and contextualized view of opportunities and risks, drawing on the surface, social, and deep web, thereby enabling faster, data-driven decision-making.
205. classroomiq : ClassroomIQ is the world's first open response grading platform that doesn't require QR codes or pre-designed templates. All the existing materials at an educator's disposal can be used as is, without modification. To date, teachers have graded over 8 million open response questions and cut their grading time in half. Discover how at GetClassroomIQ.com 2013 - ImagineK12 Cohort (http://www.imaginek12.com/companies.html) 2014 - Technori Pitch (https://vimeo.com/86186956) 2014 - LaunchEDU Finalists (http://sxswedu.com/launchedu/finalists) 2015 - SVEF iHub Participant (https://www.edsurge.com/news/2015-03-04-silicon-valley-s-pursuit-of-proof) 2015- Impact Engine Seed + Portfolio Company (http://theimpactengine.com/) Proud members of 1871 Chicago (http://www.1871.com/members/ciq-labs/)
206. intelline : Intelline makes industrial power generators that use 40% less fuel. Our first customers are energy sector and alternative fuel production companies. Replacing a 1MW diesel generator with a 1MW Intelline MLG system can save up to $1,000,000/year in fuel costs alone. There are 200,000 new industrial generators produced per year, and at $85k for the average generator size this is a $17B market opportunity. Our generator can efficiently run emerging fuel types that traditional diesel engines can't use (flare gas, syngas, ammonia, hydrogen), and can switch between fossil fuels and any other liquid/gaseous fuel while running.
207. bottomless : 
208. data-driven-bioscience : 
209. darrow : Darrow is an AI-Powered Justice Intelligence Platform that scans real world data to detect harmful events, determine the number of victims, predict the outcome, and assess the financial value of a case. Using generative AI, Darrow detects impactful legal violations, matching plaintiff's lawyers with their next big case so they can stop spending valuable hours on business development and focus primarily on litigation. Darrow is based out of Tel Aviv and New York City.
210. mecho-autotech : It is cumbersome to maintain/repair vehicles in Africa. Vehicle owners currently have 2 options to choose from; very expensive and geographically limited branded mechanic garages (less than 1% of the supply pool) or unvetted roadside mechanics (about 99% of the supply pool). About 95% of vehicle owners cannot afford branded garages where quality and reliable service delivery can be guaranteed and thus rely on roadside mechanics. However, low quality and transparency are typical issues associated with roadside mechanics. We created a network of vetted mechanics, spare part vendors and an app that enables easy booking, payment and mechanic matching process. Via the mecho app, a customer or business can make a request for any automobile service (repairs or regular servicing) or part.
211. stream : Stream enables insurance and adjacent professionals such as lawyers, nurses, and claim adjusters to review medical documents faster and better than ever before.
212. anylist : AnyList is the best way to create and share grocery shopping lists. Easily share a list with your spouse or roommates. List changes show up instantly on everyone’s iOS or Android device.
213. teamnote : TeamNote as a company was conceived in 2014 after spinning off from AppTask, a Hong Kong mobile app development company specialized in enterprise mobile solution development. TeamNote’s mission is to help corporations unleash the productivity of their mobile workforce and maximize their working efficiency that mobile technology brings about. TeamNote as a product started off its research and development in 2013 and was officially launched to the market in the first quarter of 2014. The first customer in Hong Kong is Cheung Kong (Holdings) Ltd. In January 2015 TeamNote joined the renowned Silicon Valley accelerator Y Combinator as incubatee.
214. unflow : We enable product and marketing teams to create and publish native in-app experiences, without engineering help
215. noble : Noble helps companies quickly assess the creditworthiness of their customers and monitor it over time. We do this by providing the modular components needed to quickly build a complete credit-underwriting infrastructure.
216. groupahead : GroupAhead is a YC-backed company that allows groups to create their own dedicated smartphone apps. The easy-to-use, single-purpose app focuses solely on connecting an organization's members. With a dedicated, specialized app, member involvement and event attendance goes up, and push notifications cut through the noise of email and Facebook.
217. curri : Curri provides on-demand, last-mile logistics for construction and adjacent industries with our nationwide fleet of cars, trucks, and flatbeds.
218. tranqui-finanzas : Tranqui is a debt collection company that has revolutionized the industry with its digital-first approach. Utilizing cutting-edge analytics and machine learning, Tranqui offers a more efficient and effective debt collection experience for users. Our technology-driven approach enables us to analyze user data and behavior patterns to develop personalized communication and repayment plans. This ensures that our users receive a tailored experience that is optimized for their individual needs, resulting in a higher success rate for debt repayment. With Tranqui, users can manage their debt repayment on their own terms, from the comfort of their own homes, thanks to our convenient and flexible digital channels. Our approach not only improves the debt collection experience for users but also helps to improve their overall financial health. Choose Tranqui for a better debt collection experience, with 2x the effectiveness of traditional debt collection methods.
219. brushes : 
220. healthspark : HealthSpark empowers physical therapists to launch and run an AI-native independent practice by automating admin tasks like insurance, scheduling, handling calls and texts, and charting.
221. satchel : 
222. clay : We build software to allow anyone, anywhere to create in 3D together. We believe that collaborating in 3D should feel magical and we're working to make it happen.
223. chart : Chart's Unified Tax Record API provides a direct bridge to tax records from the IRS, state tax agencies, and major tax preparation platforms such as TurboTax and H&R Block.
224. smartercookie : SmarterCookie (beasmartercookie.com) is an online video coaching and collaboration platform enabling K-12 schools to support individualized and continuous teacher learning. Streamline video coaching and reflection, enable teacher collaboration rooted in practice, and showcase exemplar teaching at your school. SmarterCookie handles all the complicated parts of video upload, storage, and private sharing so that school leaders can focus on helping teachers reach their potential.
225. cellabus : Cellabus is a device-centric classroom management solution. Our cloud based Mobile Device Management helps schools manage large numbers of different types of devices in diverse settings and quantitatively measure impact of technology on student engagement and learning outcomes. Our teachers’ tools helps teachers ensure that their students are on task, interact with them in a digital classroom setting and discover relevant content and distribute directly to the devices of their students. Cellabus is a member of the Imagine K12 Accelerator (http://www.imaginek12.com/) and Alchemist Accelerator (http://www.alchemistaccelerator.com) programs.
226. gerald-technologies-inc : Gerald is on a mission to eliminate stress about paying bills. We are transforming bill payments by providing consumers with an application for linking and automatically paying their household bills while offering overdraft and late fee protection for all their biller accounts. Our app tracks and pays bills so our users don’t have to. We offer banking services; direct deposits, credit building, cash advance and rewards to simplify bill payments for both billers accounts and consumers.
227. simplylisted : SimplyListed makes it really easy for people to sell their stuff. You just take a picture, and they list your item for sale automatically. A prototype of the SimplyListed iPhone app was first released on the iTunes App Store in February 2011.
228. mayan : We help Amazon sellers grow their business with our data-driven automations. We are starting out with advertising and inventory. From there, we're moving to other avenues that help accelerate brand growth!
229. deepsim-inc : DeepSim is building an AI physics simulator. We are currently developing the only thermal simulator to meet AI chip design needs and are validating our tool with Intel. We are a team of three electrical engineering PhDs from Stanford with backgrounds in semiconductor fabrication and design.
230. spero-foods : Spero is affordable, clean, sustainable plant-based dairy. With 21 global patent apps and novel process engineering for high throughput low cost plant dairy, Spero recreates staple foods you love, in ways that are good for you and the planet.
231. flextock : Flextock is a tech-enabled fulfillment provider in the Middle East & Africa. For local merchants, we warehouse the stock and deliver orders directly to their customers through our network of last mile delivery partners.
232. roundabout-technologies : Roundabout Technologies makes AI-powered traffic lights, allowing cities to reduce pedestrian deaths, improve traffic, and reduce resident complaints. Our founding team has experience building safety-critical embedded systems and AI at Waymo, Zoox, Google, and Verily.
233. finary-com : Finary is empowers retail investors to grow their empire by tracking, managing & investing their money on one App.
234. solugen : Solugen is decarbonizing the chemistry of everyday life with enzymes and innovative metal catalysts. Our new to the world Bioforge platform technology can produce high value chemical goods that are biobased and carbon negative, at cost on par with current technologies. We are making sustainable chemistry accessible to all living things, to ensure a prosperous world exists for generations.
235. runway : 
236. bicycle-ai : At Bicycle AI we use the best of machine intelligence with human supervision to provide an exceptional customer service experience.
237. hellometer : Hellometer helps fast food owners' grow same store sales using security cameras to improve customer wait times. Speed of service is fast food's core value proposition (it’s literally in the name) and owners currently don't have a reliable way to measure it. We show them when and where they have slowdowns and for every 7s they improve service times, owners see 1% increase in revenue.
238. sonnet : Sonnet is an end-to-end meeting assistant, combining a human-quality notetaker with an auto-updating CRM. Our AI notetaker uses the most powerful AI models to transcribe, summarize, and generate notes for your meeting recordings. With Sonnet, collaboration and recollection is both faster and better. Sonnet CRM updates itself automatically using conversation data, so you'll never have to wrangle with CRM fields again. Get up to speed on the context of an entire relationship, in seconds.
239. sensible-biotechnologies : The future of mRNA therapeutics is hampered by manufacturing challenges and unless solved, its exciting potential may never be realised. Sensible enables the next generation of mRNA medicines by turning living cells into factories producing abundant, highly stable and non-immunogenic mRNA in a scalable and cost-effective way.
240. chirply : Chirply is a community of artists and design lovers that want to make better stuff through better design! The community collectively decides what the best submitted designs are, and then those designs are made into things we use everyday like greeting cards, notebooks, and wrapping paper
241. promptloop : PromptLoop helps GTM teams automate account research and data enrichment at scale. We turn manual web scraping and qualification workflows into automated processes, enabling teams to enrich thousands of accounts with detailed company data and buying intent markers in minutes. Why PromptLoop? Sales and marketing teams traditionally spend hours manually researching accounts or rely on outdated data providers. We automatically crawl and extract precise data points from company websites, social profiles, and public sources at 10% the cost of manual research, with built-in quality controls and strict sourcing. Teams can process 10k+ accounts simultaneously, turning raw URLs into actionable qualification data tailored to your goals.
242. avo : Avo fixes data quality in product analytics. Avo helps teams like Ikea, Wolt, Fender, Sixt and Condé Nast to plan, implement and monitor analytics, so they don't fly blind and fail to build great user experiences Start your step-by-step path to settle your analytics debt: Step 1: Better tracking plan management. Avo is a better alternative to the "tracking plan spreadsheet", keeping your data quality high and your schema sync'd with all downstream tools. Import your tracking plan for an instant audit, then design more scalable data for every feature release, even before you're an expert. Step 2: Better data validation. Avo is ongoing observability of actual tracking compared with tracking plan. One-time install the Avo Inspector SDK to see what's wrong with your tracking today so you can start making it better. Step 3: Better analytics release workflow. Avo is the self-serve analytics governance, changing how PMs, devs and data scientists collaborate to plan, implement and verify their product analytics. What used to take Patreon 1-4 days for every feature release, now takes 30-60 minutes.
243. shift-messenger : Messaging solution that retail employees use every day Reduce employee turnover and save managers time
244. dgi-apparel : DGI Apparel is a one-stop shop for custom screen printers to purchase all of the supplies needed to operate their business. DGI enables users to connect their existing vendor accounts to compare prices, inventory, and shipping time across all of their vendors on a single website. They can also manage all of their vendor carts, checkout, and view purchase tracking and analytics right from DGI.
245. awtomic : Awtomic powers DTC brands with an easy-to-use subscription management and discovery platform. Starting with a Shopify app, we'll give merchants the subscription product power of premium subscription brands like Dollar Shave Club and Ipsy. As we grow our support for more eCommerce platforms and merchants, we'll help customers discover new brands through cross-sells and make it easier for them to manage their subscriptions in one place.
246. ping : Ping enables international contractors and freelancers to have access to a personal Dollar account in the US, a crypto account, and generate invoices to get paid. With Ping, workers make on average 4% more money and get paid the same day.
247. inpharmd : Every hospital hires clinical pharmacists to answer clinical questions from doctors. They outsource this to us because we’re more efficient.
248. audiobeta : AudioBeta develops web-based applications that helps bands communicate with fans and make informed decisions when planning tours. AudioBeta is a U.S.-based company that was founded in 2006 by Altay Guvench.
249. farcast : 
250. zenamins : Zenamins is a comprehensive online vitamin subscription service that is personalized and designed specifically with the individual in mind. Zenamins was designed to make vitamin-taking easier, safer and more convenient. Simply select the vitamins, minerals and supplements you want or use the special online guide to determine which ones are best for you. Every four weeks subscribers receive a new Zenamins pack in the post. Zenamins uses pharmacy-grade technology to custom pack vitamins into daily doses, while all vitamins and supplements are of the highest quality and mostly softgels, as these have shown to have 4x the absorption.
251. pina-earth : Pina Earth is building a suite of digital tools for data collection, monitoring, and certification of forest carbon projects. EU forests are at high risk due to climate change. With Pina Earth, forest owners can start high-quality carbon projects on their properties and use the new income stream to prepare their forests for a changing climate. Founded only last year, the startup already has active pilot projects on over 1,000 hectare (∼2,500 acres) in Germany. The founders met at CDTM and joined their expertise in sustainability science, software engineering, and machine learning to help EU forests.
252. airbnb : Founded in August of 2008 and based in San Francisco, California, Airbnb is a trusted community marketplace for people to list, discover, and book unique accommodations around the world — online or from a mobile phone. Whether an apartment for a night, a castle for a week, or a villa for a month, Airbnb connects people to unique travel experiences, at any price point, in more than 33,000 cities and 192 countries. And with world-class customer service and a growing community of users, Airbnb is the easiest way for people to monetize their extra space and showcase it to an audience of millions. No global movement springs from individuals. It takes an entire team united behind something big. Together, we work hard, we laugh a lot, we brainstorm nonstop, we use hundreds of Post-Its a week, and we give the best high-fives in town. Headquartered in San Francisco, we have satellite offices in Dublin, London, Barcelona, Paris, Milan, Copenhagen, Berlin, Moscow, São Paolo, Sydney, and Singapore.
253. pyxai : Pyxai helps organizations evaluate, identify and source top talent by focusing on the best indicators of long-term job success, soft skills. Our proprietary, AI driven assessment tool helps organizations increase retention by at least 30% all while reducing the time to hire by more than 50%.
254. cosmic : Cosmic is a headless CMS and API toolkit to help teams build modern apps faster, together. We provide a web dashboard to create content and API tools to deliver content into any website or app. Teams benefit from using Cosmic because it eliminates the need to build and maintain their own CMS infrastructure. Teams pay a monthly subscription fee for our hosted CMS and can focus on their application logic, creating great content, and enhancing user experiences.
255. quero-education : Quero is an online marketplace for college programs in Brazil. It helps students search, compare and enroll in programs in over 1200 partner colleges, saving money on tuition. Follow Us: facebook.com/queroedu instagram.com/queroedu twitter.com/queroedu quero.education/carreiras
256. gainful : Gainful is performance nutrition that unlocks your full potential. We provide personalized products and 1:1 Registered Dietitian support to empower active people to reach their unique goals by transforming their health. Founded in 2017, Gainful is backed by some of the world’s best venture investors (including Y Combinator, BrandProject, and Courtside VC). Our current products are Personalized Protein, Personalized Hydration, Personalized Pre-Workout, and our line of Performance Boosts (Collagen, Creatine, and Fiber).
257. decentro : Almost every company that has to integrate with the legacy financial institutions, faces several challenges when it comes to the product cycle. Not only are the APIs and documentations less available, but they are also old school and ridden with errors and loopholes. On top of that, the lack of a single point of contact from the underlying institutions, makes the already long integration cycle of 5 months feel like a temple run between different departments. And since those services break and update over time, you can imagine the nightmare in terms of coordination between the tech teams. We are a full-stack platform where you can come, select your desired modules, play in the sandbox, and launch your product with the APIs and SDKs within a couple of weeks! Not only that, but we also take care of all upcoming fixes, iterations, and updates without breaking any flow. It's that easy, as it should be. Welcome to the future.
258. class-central : Class Central helps learners Find, Plan, and Track their Online Education As the leading aggregator of MOOCs, Class Central presents curated and student-reviewed high quality courses to help learners make informed online learning decisions. With a simple interface and thousands of reviews, we have helped 4 million people decide which online course to take next. According to SimilarWeb, Class Central is the second biggest source of referral traffic to Coursera. We are building an ecosystem to help guide learners towards their educational goals.
259. nftscoring : NFTScoring is the place for you to discover, analyze and trade NFTs. We give you the superpowers to understand the NFT market in any given moment, make the best decisions, and take faster actions.
260. socrative : Socrative helps teachers engage & assess the class with educational activities on laptops, smartphones and tablets. In the background, they track student performance and provide real-time data to help teachers, parents, schools and districts personalize and improve learning.
261. mathchat : MathChat is a mobile collaboration tool that is solving the problem of getting stuck on math homework. When students are stuck on their math homework they often try to reach out to others to help using technology. MathChat enables them to easily input their math and get help in real time from whoever they trust, including friends, family and teachers. Students can easily enter their math using an optimized math keyboard, and then those helping can view their work in real time and guide the student through pointing and messaging. MathChat can be used to promote student math collaboration in any setting, including the classroom and during tutoring. To learn more visit getmathchat.com.
262. kidato : Parents in Africa face either public schools with student-teacher ratios as high as 50:1 or private schools with tuition fees as high as $7500 per year, per child. Kidato classes have student-teacher ratios of 5:1 and teach the same rigorous international curriculum as other private schools — but at a fraction of the price. In our second semester, Kidato has enrolled more than 30 students into our learning-from-home program as a replacement for brick-and-mortar schools. We expect to triple this enrollment by our third semester.
263. observe-ai : Observe.AI, a leader in Contact Center AI, transforms customer experiences and improves agent performance by helping top brands analyze 100% of calls and streamline quality assurance workflows. With Observe.AI, businesses transcribe every call with high accuracy and coach agents while gaining full visibility into their customer service operations. Observe.AI brings the power of agent assistance, automatic speech recognition, and Natural Language Processing (NLP) to modern contact centers and their frontline teams. Observe.AI is trusted by more than 150 customers and partners, including Root Insurance, Alcon Laboratories, Tripadvisor, and Pearson. Backed by Menlo Ventures, Next47, NGP Capital, Scale Ventures, Nexus Ventures, Emergent Ventures, Steadview Capital, 01 Ventures and Y-Combinator, Observe.AI’s headquarters is in San Francisco with an office in Bangalore, India. For more information, visit www.observe.ai.
264. trigger : Trigger makes the $15Bn mobile application market accessible by web developers. It's the simplest way to build amazing mobile apps using the best of HTML5 and native. Trigger has raised $1.8M in seed funding from top Silicon Valley investors including Y Combinator and SV Angel.
265. numeral : Numeral handles all aspects of sales tax from registration to remittance for SaaS and e-commerce stores. We offer complete, white-glove service end to end.
266. partnerstack : PartnerStack is a full stack solution for partnerships. The platform supports partner marketing, referral, and reseller activity, and solves for partner application management, engagement, attribution, education, payouts, compliance, and additional partner channel needs. Companies using PartnerStack have their program listed in PartnerStack's marketplace, exposing their program to a growing network of +450,000 partners. These companies see a +30% revenue increase in their partner channels due to partners acquired through PartnerStack's network. The network allows partners to sell multiple SaaS applications from a single platform - a necessity for integrated SaaS solutions investing in channel. The most trusted and fastest growing SaaS companies in the world are turning to PartnerStack to support their channel growth, including Intuit, Asana, Freshworks, Zendesk, Aircall, Intercom, and more.
267. atmos : 
268. synnax : We build software that helps hardware teams quickly and clearly evaluate how a component (engine, battery, valve, etc.) or process (assembly line, manufacturing plant) performs. We prevent mistakes, reduce costs, and accelerate time-to-market. Our platform unifies industrial control with sensor data storage and automated post-processing, delivering an end-to-end operations and observability stack. To put it comparatively, take LabVIEW, InfluxDB, and Grafana, wrap them into a single package, add a bit of magic, and you get Synnax.
269. gas-pos : We have taken an incredibly monopolized, overpriced, asset-heavy industry and flipped it on its head by providing a better, modern, affordable alternative with more functionality on a SaaS model.
270. audobox : 
271. reelsurfer : ReelSurfer lets anyone clip and share any video from any website. The vision is to build the most valuable content network on the planet – created by personal libraries of short, relevant videos that are saved, watched and shared with friends.
272. openfunnel : OpenFunnel builds personalized AI Agents for GTM teams. These agents understand their product, scour through the internet, and find prospects that have shown intent for their product. Today, GTM teams at B2B SaaS companies, burn through cold prospects from intent data providers like Demandbase and Zoominfo using some AI SDR tools and get conversions < 1%. Our customers have a steady pipeline of prospects daily and get 20x more meetings booked by reaching out to prospects when they show intent.
273. starling : Starling is building a urine diagnostic remote patient monitoring platform that seamlessly integrates into anyone's bathroom routine. By detecting early changes in a patient's urine using our toilet indwelling mass spectroscopy device, our platform is aiming to prevent hospitalizations from numerous conditions like recurrent UTIs, BPH exacerbations, or diabetes. We do this while creating significant new annual revenues for our clinician partners from remote patient monitoring reimbursements without requiring any significant changes in a staff's day to day schedule.
274. increase : Modern banking infrastructure that enables technology companies to programmatically store, move, and reconcile money.
275. henry : We train software developers & data scientists for free and help them find a job remotely in exchange of a share of their future income.
276. partnerhq : PartnerHQ is building the next generation LinkedIn. We are creating the world’s most valuable and accurate professional network graph by capturing and indexing vast quantities of relationship signals. Individuals use PartnerHQ to grow and monetize their networks. B2B companies use PartnerHQ to buy warm intros and drive high-value sales. PartnerHQ was created during Y Combinator’s W24 cohort and launched in February of 2024. Since launch we have signed on hundreds of paying companies, domestic and international. 97% of all users have come inbound or word-of-mouth.
277. mosaix-ai : Voice AI are changing the way people interact with contents and services. At Mosaix we are building an advanced a language AI platform for enterprise, with a focus on underserved emerging markets.
278. million-marker : We are a service for people to learn about their personal environmental exposures. Our first product is a urine test for exposure to chemicals in everyday products.
279. airshared : 
280. rtcanary : WebRTC is the reason we’ve stayed connected and productive during the COVID era, powering most of the browser-based video communications platforms you use every day (Google Meet, Facebook Messenger, etc.). But when a call gets dropped or the audio cuts out, it’s hard for the video developers to understand why it happened. This is a major problem for new players in the video chat industry that lose customers because of call quality issues; customers should be able to use video platforms with the features they want without having to sacrifice call quality.
281. pathpilot : PathPilot makes it easy to understand what your users are experiencing by extracting key highlights from hours of session replay videos. + Quickly see how users interact with new features + Uncover hidden UI issues + Ensure smooth experiences for top customers + Receive recommendations for UI improvements
282. perceptive-technologies : Stealth-mode, rapidly scaling, venture-backed startup at the vanguard of automated robotic surgery revolution -- just closed our Series A round. We are improving access to dental care in underserved populations by combining novel imaging technology with AI and surgical robotics to automate surgery in the $452B dental industry. We are bringing a new imaging modality to dentistry which can see inside teeth and below the gingiva all without the need for x-rays. AI is used to diagnose decay and plan treatment. Automated robotics reduces the time for surgery down to one minute, reducing patient discomfort and saving time and reducing cost for the dentist. YC 2020, Winner of the Forsyth DenTech 2021 CareCaptial award
283. rev-genomics : Rev Genomics is a plant biotechnology company that provides breeders, growers, and retailers with novel cultivars to differentiate themselves in high value markets.
284. thyme : There are 300k+ financial advisors in the US using a digital Rolodex to manage their client relationships, and it's time for a makeover. At Thyme we are building the OS for financial advisors that allows them to automatically take notes in meetings (in-person, online, and phone calls), manage their client records with the help of AI, and offer a client portal where clients can track their assets, manage tasks, and even pay for their services. Our users have replaced their legacy CRMs and billing solutions with us while deepening their clients' relationships thanks to our client portal and AI tooling that puts rich context at their fingertips.
285. fabricate : Hardware engineers spend a quarter of their time just figuring out how to get their parts made, and from who. Fabricate builds procurement software for hardware teams. We help engineers manage manufacturing feasibility and procurement across their suppliers, whether they're getting parts custom manufactured or buying them off-the-shelf.
286. alchemy : Alchemy is a nanotechnology company based in Kitchener, Ontario with core operations in the automotive and defense sectors. Automotive - With the widespread adoption of ADAS systems in new vehicles, the cost of replacing a windshield in new vehicles has tripled to $1500+. We have developed a windshield protection film product line called ExoShield to help vehicle owners protect their windshields. Our ExoShield GT3 film is sold through 400+ aftermarket installers and car dealerships in 56 countries that carry and install it for vehicle owners. For Jeep Wrangler and Ford Bronco owners (google: broken windshield club), our ExoShield ULTRA DIY kits are available via our website and dropshipping partners. Defense - Over the last 3 years, we have been working with the Canadian Armed Forces to develop an infrared camouflage technology. We have received two contracts from CAF to develop our technology. Our solution has the ability to be integrated into the uniform directly (adding just 5-10g of weight vs. 600-18,000 kg of weight for other alternatives), has outperformed all existing NATO alternatives in multiple CAF field trials, and is receiving support from major elements of CAF for our next contract. This technology can also be adapted for other individual camouflage integrations (face paint and individual nettings) and for mobile camouflage applications (vehicle nettings and vehicle paints).
287. socialmoth : Socialmoth is a community to post your thoughts anonymously. You can view postings (mostly gossip and secrets) from the whole community as well as get updates for when someone in your group of friends makes a post. The vast majority of their members appear to be women, with over 600 posts being made per day. These guys will also be taking a new spin on their idea, launching Disenchat.com, a place to post anonymously about your workplace. The system will verify your organization by email address (like Facebook) and let you start riffing. Outsiders will be able to see the existence of the forum and volume of posting, but not the specific comments.
288. codec : Codec provides access to video intelligence tools and APIs covering use cases like search, annotation, classification and analytics.
289. 3dot : 3dot is a think-tank company based in Ljubljana, Slovenia. Our core business is developing ideas, products and services based on newest technologies for our partner companies and their customers. The companies we work with rely on us to provide them with the craziest new ideas, technological breakthrough services and amazing new products. Our usual daily job is brainstorming on new and polishing existing ideas that will soon enter the market.
290. topkey : Topkey is the all-in-one financial operating platform that simplifies expense management for hospitality managers.
291. neptune-io : Neptune is an observability startup that offers one-stop incident enrichment and automation platform for IT Operations and DevOps teams. It is a fact of life that servers and applications go down causing IT outages. Today most of the IT incident response is manual, tedious and lengthy resulting in more downtime and losses for businesses. At the same it's very painful for a DevOps engineer to wake up at midnight and on weekends to deal with server and application alerts. Enter Neptune, which lets a DevOps engineer automate his incident response steps --Troubleshooting + Resolution + Documentation, so that he/she can fix the incidents in minutes instead of hours. So it's a win-win deal : For businesses downtime is minimized, and for DevOps engineers they need not worry about a deluge of alerts and midnight wake up calls. Big companies like Amazon, Facebook etc built sophisticated incident response tools to achieve high availability and resiliency. We have architected and built one such tool for AWS. Now Neptune is making one such tool available for everyone. Give it a try at www.neptune.io
292. trainzen : Terascore is developing an educational tool for teachers to create, administer, and manage tests entirely online. Scores and results are available immediately and teachers get instant analytics on question quality, difficulty, student performance. Any questions created can be stored in a question bank for reuse. Terascore aims to move all tests online and in doing so make learning more effective and teachers more efficient. The results are shortening the feedback loop for learning and are better for teachers and students. Terascore makes creating tests radically easier, as it has a WYSIWYG browser-based test authoring tool. Terascore allows teachers to easily integrate images, links, and videos into tests to make them more fun, engaging, and relevant. The inclusion of mathematic equations is also supported.
293. tsumobi : Mobile applications have so far been nightmares to implement. It's often hard to gain adoption due to complicated installs and near impossible to get users to upgrade their version once the product has shipped. Tsumobi hopes to solve this problem by creating their own language. The new language will sit on top of J2ME and process applications downloaded (via URL) for Tsumobi enabled sites. This means that developers will be able to change Tsumobi applications on the fly and have Tsumobi enabled phones automatically get the updates just by visiting a link.
294. georgette-packaging : Georgette Packaging makes it easy to design and manufacture conscientious, branded packaging.
295. anyvite : Anyvite is a free site dedicated to event invitation creation and group organization. Launched in 2008, Anyvite provides users with the most efficient way to create invitations as well as offers the tools necessary to organize and communicate with attendees throughout the event lifecycle.
296. cheddar : Ditch your bare-bones, high-fee checking account. You deserve free and powerful everyday banking. Nearly 3 out of 4 millennials would rather go to the dentist than listen to their bank. While it's possible that we just really love our oral hygiene, it's more likely that we don't trust or like our banks. It's not hard to understand why. Big banks use big budgets and armies of salespeople and marketers to sell old-school products layered with fees and penalties. Their profits increase when we spend more, overuse debt, and make mistakes like overdrafting. Big banks get away with this because banking is such a vital service. Everyday spending and saving decisions that begin at the checking account ultimately determine whether we'll lead a healthy and secure financial life. What can be done? Bill Gates believes banks aren't necessary for banking. Millennials believe technology companies can make banking better. So let's build a better bank. Cheddar is a new mobile bank account, debit card, and business model to free the world from underpowered checking accounts and evil banks.
297. corvus-robotics : Our software allows drones to fly indoors and collect analytics, helping warehouses automate inventory collection.
298. gamador : Gamador is a social game developer that has released three games so far. The company says that it differentiates itself from other developers by releasing quick, smart games at a very rapid pace (they can develop a game in about a week. The company has built its own analytics platform for social games called Rankador, which they liken to a â€˜PageRank for social gamesâ€™.
299. pave-robotics : Pave Robotics builds robots that seal cracks in asphalt, helping paving companies save time and money. Our robots work 24/7 and deliver higher-quality results than humans.
300. tailornova-couturme : PatternFast helps fashion companies and brands design and launch new collections in minutes instead of months. We save brands 90% of the time and 95% of the costs associated with the tedious, time-consuming, and complex process of garment design and development. Our AI software enables the instant design of over hundred billion of unique styles, complete with production-ready documentation, patterns, and automated sizing.
301. trade : Trade is a platform that connects buyers, sellers, and transporters of commodities in Ghana. Trade allows buyers and sellers in Ghana to trade directly, cutting out the middlemen. You pick your quantity, grade, and price and they look for sellers to match you with. They weigh and grade every bag that they trade, deliver directly to you, and will take back any bag you reject, so you can buy without worrying.
302. taktile : Taktile eliminates guesswork and empowers decision-makers to build and evaluate automated decision flows faster than ever before.
303. jumpchat : A platform bridging mobile text messages, email, and IM communication without needing to download anything. Users can send mass messages on any of the platforms and JumpChat will send it to the platform the receiver activates. They are currently focusing on mass mobile messaging, where users can shoot off mass messages to the groups they define.
304. snapjoy : Snapjoy is an online photo storage service that imports photos from anywhere and organizes them in a meaningful way. After uploading some photos, the app categorizes the photos for its user, using metadata to try to intelligently place the correct photos in each album. If the user uploads the same photo multiple times, Snapjoy ignores the duplicates. By default, everything uploaded to Snapjoy is private but users can still share photos with specific groups of friends, and if the users grant permission, friends can actually copy users’ photos into their own Snapjoy album. Snapjoy was launched in 2011 and is headquartered in Boulder, C.O.
305. agave : We’re modernizing construction, a $12T global industry run by siloed software built 20-40 years ago (on-prem, no APIs, no mobile access, etc.). Our core product is Agave Sync, which helps General and Trade Contractors keep financial data in sync between their field teams on jobsites and their accounting teams in a central back office.
306. inporia : Inporia's current product is Kaleidoscope - a inspiration ecommerce app and widget. Kaleidoscope launched on Android in Feburary 2011 and was made available for the iPhone in April 2011. It’s the first in what promises to be a series of ecommerce-driven apps from parent company Inporia. The four-person company was started by Ryan Junee, a serial entrepreneur who co-founded Omnisio (acquired by Google in 2008) and serves as a mentor to 500 Startups and StartMate, and Max Skibinsky. Sarah Kunst and Simon Ratner complete the 4 person team. It raised $1.25 million in seed funding from Ron Conway’s SV Angel and 500 Startups, NEA, Start Fund and Y-Combinator among others.
307. soundfocus : SoundFocus is a San Francisco, CA-based startup creating the next generation of personalized mobile audio products. The company was founded by Alex Selig and Varun Srinivasan in September of 2012 with the mission of helping the world hear better. The company is a graduate of the Y Combinator summer of 2013 batch and announced their first hardware product, the Amp case, in October 2014. Investors include Kapor Capital, Y Combinator, VegasTechFund, OVO Fund, RTA Capital and August Capital Partners of Singapore. Hear more at www.ampaudio.com.
308. opkit : Opkit uses AI to automate routine phone calls for medical practices, telehealth companies, and other leading healthcare provider organizations. Opkit's AI agent is capable of executing a wide-range of non-clinical phone call tasks, including Verification of Benefits, patient intake, and appointment scheduling, without human intervention. Opkit is HIPAA-compliant and SOC 2 Type 2 certified.
309. oico : Oico is the best way for large contractors in Brazil to buy construction material. We replace the time-consuming work of managing orders, deliveries and payments across dozens of suppliers, with a one-stop solution.
310. castia : Castia is the first rent payment platform in Latam that allows tenants and landlords to get benefits for one of their single biggest monthly expense. Get rewards, pay with any payment method, build your credit score and even save for your future home downpayment, just by paying rent through Castia.
311. versive : Versive is an all-in-one research platform that helps teams make faster customer-informed decisions. - Collect richer insights: AI-moderated studies that deliver interview-quality results at the survey speeds - Accelerate your analysis: AI-assisted analysis that instantly turns transcripts into shareable insights
312. roforco : Roforco runs a Roblox game accelerator that makes games successful by providing funding, resources and hands-on support. Co-founders Artem and Brain have been building games together since they were 14 were developers on 12 top grossing titles, accounting for over 2.74 billion plays/downloads. Prior to building the accelerator, Roforco was a game studio with a portfolio of games that reached benchmarks including 10 million monthly active users and 16,000 concurrent users. Roforco also worked with notable brands such as Unilever, for whom they made an branded game with over 50 million plays. In 2022, Roforco joined YCombinator's coveted startup accelerator and went on to secure a $1.5 million seed funding round from investors including Paul Graham, Dentsu Group, the prev. COO of Activision and the CEOs of Guilded and Jellysmack. Learn more about us at https://roforco.com/ For press: tom@roforco.com Based and founded in San Francisco, CA
313. malibou : malibou is a web application helping French SMBs to manage employees, run payroll and track compliance in a single app. When processing payroll in France, you either have the choice between an accountant with good advice but no way to connect an HRIS with him, or a good HRIS that does not include payroll services. It was time for a change, to finally bring payroll and HR at the same place. Due to increasing competition in the space, French payroll engines have just opened their APIs. This allows us to offer a unified payroll and HR solution, which wasn't possible before.
314. struct : Struct is the platform for multi-lingual AI voice agents for any phone-based task. Our agents are already live doing tens of thousands of calls daily across the globe and in multiple languages.
315. medisearch : MediSearch gives direct answers to medical questions based on trustworthy sources.
316. kippt : Kippt is a collaborative bookmarking system for professional networks that lets employees teach and share with each other on a dedicated platform. When you collect something to Kippt, the page and the content will be searchable, organizable, readable on your devices and easily shared with other people.
317. promptarmor : 
318. botin : Botin a mobile app where people in Latin America can invest in US Stocks, Crypto and more. We are building a one stop shop product for consumers to create wealth in Latin America by giving them the investment tools of the 1%.
319. pearl : Pearl lets any office, hotel or restaurant serve the world's best coffees & teas at the push of a button. Pearl's proprietary brew technology matches the speed and convenience of a Keurig without using wasteful, low-quality coffee pods. Our fully compostable single-servings contain freshly roasted whole bean coffees & teas sourced from premier roasters and importers. We handle installation, upkeep, and automatic re-stocking of an evolving menu that's tailored to your preferences. Say goodbye to bad office coffee and upgrade your mornings today!
320. idemeum : idemeum is a Passwordless Application Management platform. Our vision is to provide a single place for small and medium businesses (SMBs) to set up and manage employee access to SaaS apps. Behind the scenes we connect to any HR system and automate employee onboarding and account provisioning. Employees leverage mobile device biometrics to access any type of app - free or paid. Instead of deploying multiple tools for SSO, password management, and passwordless access, idemeum offers one platform to do it all.
321. skylights : Skylights is a wearable immersive cinematic entertainment for captive audiences. SkyLights started in the planes, as passenger inflight entertainment. SkyLights enables patients and passengers to tune out of their environment and escape by enjoying premium cinematic entertainment using VR headsets. Skylights integrates content licensing deals, secure software, headset hardware, and operations. All four are sold as a subscription service. Skylights is now developing in BtoC. The company is incorporated in the US.
322. finta : Finta lets you easily manage your startup's bookkeeping and financial metrics, while our experts file your taxes and claim tax credits — all in one place.
323. tybr-health : TYBR is developing a hydrogel to limit internal scarring after surgery. The naturally derived material is applied to coat tendons at the end of surgery to improve healing outcomes for the millions Americans who undergo tendon or ligament surgery each year.
324. skyvern : Skyvern helps companies automate browser based workflows using LLMs and Computer Vision, fully automating manual workflows and replacing brittle or unreliable scripts. Examples include: 1. Automating materials procurement from commerce websites 2. Completing complex multi-step workflows (ie getting an insurance quote from Geico.com) 3. Automatically logging into portals and downloading invoices 4. Navigating legacy content systems to do data extraction or data entry
325. magic-instruments : Musical instruments that enable anyone to play instantly, and make it easier and more inspiring to learn. Magic Instruments (YC W2016 and Highway1 F2015) is the maker of the MI Guitar. We design the tools that allow anyone to express themselves by making music. Our mission is to create a world that inspires human connection through music playing. We give people all the joy of playing music. We’re developing a new class of music instruments and the ecosystem around them, starting with our first product, a new type of guitar that anyone can play using an intuitive UI on the fretboard and a mobile app to play your favorite songs, instantly. We also make it technically easier and more inspiring to learn traditional guitar technique. Can't play a guitar? We guarantee you can play this one. The MI Guitar is a new type of guitar that you can pick up and play, instantly. By reinventing the fretboard of a traditional guitar, it simplifies playing so anyone can play their favorite songs at first sight, or create their own original music. You can also play this like the traditional guitar and it gives you a fun and easy way to learn the guitar. Pre-order now at https://magicinstruments.com Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/magicinstruments/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/magicinstrument YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/c/magicinstruments
326. verse-therapy : At Verse Therapy, we're dedicated to making quality speech therapy accessible for everyone by empowering speech-language pathologists (SLPs) to launch and grow their own independent practices. We help therapists focus on what they do best—providing compassionate, personalized care—by taking care of the administrative tasks that often lead to burnout. Through thoughtful marketing and partnerships with care organizations like rehab centers, we connect SLPs with individuals who need their expertise. Our AI-enabled back office streamlines insurance processing, scheduling, and documentation, reducing non-therapy overhead. We're now live in 10 states with over 35 dedicated therapists and are in-network with leading insurance providers, making it easier for clients to receive the support they need.
327. imgix : Nobody should have to employ expensive imaging scientists and engineers for their business to get the most out of their visual media. This is where imgix has your back. imgix is a platform for managing, processing, rendering, optimizing, and delivering your existing visual assets so that you can meet the demands of your business and your team can stay focused on what they do best. The business demands on web visual media can blindside even the most hyper-aware content teams and developers. Just to be competitive on the Internet, you need your images to be sized perfectly to every device, served in one of any of a half dozen web formats, optimized to the absolute best perceptual quality while maintaining pinpoint performance, and distributed to wherever your users are, anywhere in the world. And that is just the baseline. Next-level imaging concerns like copyright, licensing, accessibility, moderation, illegal or explicit content, "fake news", and more, can threaten your business at any moment if not handled properly. Get any of these things wrong and you are shedding revenue, ceding ground to competitors, and potentially exposing your business to extreme liability. By working with imgix's powerful APIs, SDKs, user interfaces, and integrations, you can rest assured that any demands on your images and videos will always be met, now and into the future, without you having to invest in building it yourself or patching together a mishmash of open source and third-party technologies. Our platform is designed to ensure that your images are always working for your business and never against it. imgix was launched through the famed Y Combinator accelerator program. Its customers include Google, Lyft, Kickstarter, AirBnb, Coursera, Bonobos, Spotify, Vimeo, Bustle, and many others.
328. eggnog : Eggnog is the Youtube for AI-generated content. The initial product is the only AI video platform on the market that generates consistent characters. The vision is to have the largest library of remixable characters and sets for users to collaboratively build and watch AI-generated content. Eggnog launched a week ago, and videos made on the platform are getting 100k views on Twitter. Team: Sam (BS, Applied Math from Harvard) was a data scientist at Facebook and Quora working on newsfeed and creator monetization. Jitesh (BS, MEng from MIT CS) was a consultant at McKinsey and PM at Flexport.
329. ultra : Ultra builds AI-powered robots that automate the dull, repetitive labor still done by people in American warehouses. We’re starting with e-commerce order packaging in fulfillment centers — where a worker puts items in a box, seals it, and labels it. Traditional automation isn't working for warehouses because it's costly, rigid, and often underutilized. Ultra’s robots are different: they’re easy to deploy, adaptable, and powered by AI that’s trained through examples.
330. hero : SMBs in Latam use our WhatsApp bot and corporate cards to organize their expenses
331. anima-app : Anima is converting design to code, automatically. Why does the world need Anima? Taking user-interface design to production is hard. Automated design-to-code will change the way we build software. The future of Front-end With Anima, designers can translate design to code in a single click. - Need a website? Designers can create one directly from their design tool. Figma, Adobe XD, or Sketch. - Need to go from a prototype to a PoC asap? No coding required here as well. - For engineers, it's a coding assistant, keeping developers in control. Less grunt work, pushing-pixels, and design that is lost in translation.
332. reach-labs : Reach Labs is building long-range wireless power networks that deliver scalable, resilient energy infrastructure.
333. tesorio : Tesorio is the world’s first and only cash flow performance platform. It empowers CFOs and finance teams to boost profits by using artificial intelligence to better manage, predict, and collect cash.
334. picktrace : PickTrace is a fast growing software company that provides workforce and harvest management solutions for large-scale farms. Founded by brothers Austin and Harrison Steed, PickTrace is building the farm management system of the future. PickTrace builds powerful software products that help agriculture companies thrive. Our workforce and harvest management software helps growers gain insight into their operations and improve their operational efficiency. Everything that we do is based on the conviction that we succeed when our customers build a more efficient, compliant, and profitable operation.
335. ruuf : We offer no-money-down installations that generate free money for homeowners from day one. We are digitalizing the whole process of going solar. Instead of using traditional forms and leaving it up to customers to fill them, we use technology to take all that burden off our customers plate. We only ask for an address and offer free instant quotes.
336. levo : Levo is a regulated treasury management platform for startups and SMBs to optimize idle cash with tailor-made investment, cash management and working capital strategies
337. durioo : We create and license high quality Islamic cartoons and shows that kids watch on our subscription app. We are the right team to do this because we previously created an Islamic cartoon with more than 3 billion views on YouTube. All parents want their kids to grow up with values and virtues close to them. The same goes for Muslim parents - but the reality is - they are struggling to get high quality Islamic content for their kids. We are addressing an underserved market of 70 million Muslim families with internet access globally.
338. invitris : Invitris radically simplifies how we create novel biological drugs. Our patent-pending technology platform turns DNA into synthetic proteins and was recently featured in the Science magazine. It makes creating new drugs >10,000x more efficient at <100x lower costs of material. Our killer application is enabling the newest generation of synthetic bacteriophages to combat antibiotic-resistant infections, which are threatening to cause more deaths than all cancers combined.
339. habit-labs : Habit Labs is a social health software startup formed in 2011 via a merger of Contagion Health (founded by Jen McCabe) and Health Month (founded by Buster Benson). Headquartered in Seattle, WA, Habit Labs is building a behavior change platform called Budge.
340. codecademy : Working professionals are experiencing their jobs changing amidst the rise of technology and automation threatens over 800 million jobs. At the same time, software is eating the world, disrupting every major industry, and creating millions of new technology jobs that companies are eager to fill. This is the skills gap. Our mission is closing it. In 2011, we changed the face of education by creating free interactive coding courses explored by over 45 million people. As we look to the future, we're focused on helping anyone get the skills they need for the jobs they want. We aim to bridge the gap: between companies and the workforce, people and their dream jobs. Join one of the most dynamic technology companies in New York that is changing the way the world learns. Headquartered in New York City, our team is filled with highly curious diverse individuals whose backgrounds span tech and education. Our team is passionate about our mission: helping people get the skills they need for the jobs they want. We seek transparency, thrive on feedback, value teamwork, love evolving and never forget it's people first. We enjoy catered lunches together, company outings, guest speakers and long walks on the beach.
341. decisional-ai : Decisional is building an AI Financial Analyst for Private Market Investors that pulls information from public and private data sources. Financial Services firms like LTV Capital use our AI Agent to gain superhuman abilities like gleaning insights from thousands of data rooms or documents & magically modelling spreadsheets in seconds
342. shopagram : 
343. heyfood : Heyfood is building the “Doordash for Africa”. But unlike Doordash in America, we make a profit on every single delivery, from day 1. We are targeting Millennials and Gen Z urban professionals in Africa’s top 70 cities, withing 10 years there will be 140m number of these people, we assume they will want to order food once a week, we make $1 per delivery, this represents a $51B market.
344. beam : Run AI workloads anywhere with zero complexity.
345. concord-materials : SaaS automation tools, financing and marketplace for bulk construction materials
346. golorry : GoLorry offers transport and logistics services to its clients. It was founded in 2015 and conducts operations in California and Hyderabad.
347. token-transit : Token Transit puts cities in the center of managing new mobility by providing a complete fare payment platform for public transportation. Token Transit launched our mobile ticketing app in 2016. We now provide payments for transportation in over 200 cities across the United States and Canada with integration into the major third party trip planning apps such as Transit, Moovit and Google Maps.
348. partna : Modern companies use Partna's API and B2B payment tools to smoothly launch and operate in Africa
349. terrace : Terrace is the all-in-one trading terminal and portfolio management system for crypto. Terrace is a non-custodial crypto trading terminal and broker with better pricing, deeper liquidity, and broader asset coverage than any CEX, DEX, or MM. Terrace aggregates centralized and decentralized liquidity and abstracts away wallets, chains and venues.
350. storyboard : Introducing Storyboard, the leading platform designed to connect the world's top brands, innovative creative agencies, and dynamic influencers with their communities on Instagram and Snapchat. Our mission is to simplify and enhance your online presence on Instagram and Snapchat, offering a comprehensive suite of powerful and intuitive features: 1. Seamless Automation: Storyboard enables smooth, automatic sharing of your stories between Instagram and Snapchat. No more manual cross-platform management, saving you time while maintaining content consistency. 2. Advanced Performance Tracking: Measure the impact of your efforts with our advanced performance analytics toolkit. Gain in-depth insights into engagement, reach, and other essential metrics, empowering you to adjust your strategy in real time for optimal results. 3. Strategic Planning: Anticipate your campaigns by scheduling your stories and posts in advance. Our user-friendly interface lets you create a consistent editorial calendar, ensuring your content reaches your audience at the right times. Discover how Storyboard can transform your presence on Instagram and Snapchat. Join visionary brands already placing their trust in Storyboard to optimize their social media presence. Whether you're a large corporation or an independent creative, our scalable platform will continue to deliver exciting new features to propel your online impact.
351. supercontrast : At Hive we worked on a product called Gencraft, an ai art generator we ramped from 0 to $1M ARR in 6 months. This inspired us to build supercontrast, an AI Copilot which empowers anyone to create and refine high quality designs and assets.
352. vizly : Vizly helps you get the most out of your data by turning it into actionable insights in seconds. Whether you're a researcher, professor, data analyst, or business leader, Vizly's AI capabilities enable you to visualize, analyze, and interpret your data effortlessly. For example, Vizly can automatically generate interactive visualizations, perform detailed statistical analyses, and offer predictive insights, making your data analysis workflow seamless. Before Vizly, Ali built out people-based AI recommendations at Apple and Sami built mission-critical data visualization systems at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
353. fidocure : Cancer is a genetic disease. We know this from decades of human and veterinary cancer research. Precision medicine and targeted therapies are successfully used to treat humans with cancer. At FidoCure®, we bring this approach to the world of veterinary medicine. FidoCure® empowers veterinarians to offer genetic sequencing and targeted therapies to treat dogs with cancer. We are committed to expanding the veterinary oncology toolbox for both diagnostics and therapeutics. Our veterinary partners have treated thousands of dogs over the past 30 years and work closely with the growing FidoCure® network of over 143 clinics and 180 forward-thinking veterinary oncologists throughout the US. Together, we can combat canine cancer!
354. union-apartment : 
355. dashblock : Dashblock is the easiest way to access websites programmatically and collect structured data.
356. mentalhappy : MentalHappy is a secure and compliant platform that leverages AI and data-driven analytics to enhance the group-based therapy experience and boost client/patient engagement. Our platform streamlines administrative tasks for providers, improves group participant self-management capabilities, automates group participant check-ins, and identifies group members who may be at risk. Additional features on the platform allow providers to schedule and host virtual sessions, engage members in secure chat, and share health resources, and offer support groups
357. cinder : Cinder designs and manufactures premium smart cooking appliances that empower people who love great food to evolve the way they cook and eat at home.
358. caremessage : CareMessage is the technology non-profit building the largest patient engagement platform for low-income populations in the United States. Powered by the Health Equity Engine™, the platform enables organizations to combine messaging, data, and interoperability to increase access to care, improve clinical outcomes, and address social drivers of health. With 20 million patients reached since 2013, CareMessage is the only patient engagement solution proven to improve health equity at scale. The team, many with lived experiences in these communities, leverages a nonprofit model to reinvest revenue into impact. CareMessage is the partner of choice for organizations committed to advancing health equity.
359. kunduz : Kunduz is making test prep resources 10x faster and cheaper for students who prepare for university entrance tests. With its first mobile platform, Kunduz provides instant answers to students’ test prep questions through its 35,000 tutors. Kunduz currently serves students in Turkey and India.
360. benchling : Biotechnology is rewriting life as we know it, from the medicines we take, to the crops we grow, the materials we wear, and the household goods that we rely on every day. Biotech R&D is radically transforming our world, but to move at the new speed of science, scientists need better technology. Benchling’s mission is to unlock the power of biotechnology. The world’s biotech leaders and innovators use our R&D Cloud to power the development of breakthrough products and accelerate time to milestone and market.
361. pax : Pax uses AI to automate import tax refunds (aka duty drawback) for retailers and manufacturers. We launched 4 weeks ago and have ~$200K in contracts. Each year, 80% of eligible refunds—equivalent to $15B—go unclaimed. Pax is the first AI-powered broker helping brands under $50M reclaim 3-5% of their revenue. Our algorithms generate 15% more refunds than the industry leader and reduce processing time by 99% with AI. We are two technical founders: Penny got her PhD from MIT and, and was a former research scientist at Amazon & Flexport, where I encountered the problem firsthand. Chris is a second-time founder and former software engineer at Amazon, Brex, and TikTok.
362. andromeda-surgical : We're building autonomous robots to make surgery safe, easier and more efficient. Robots currently perform about 1/4 of surgeries but only help with the physical aspects. We use AI to make surgery cognitively easier. This has far greater potential to improve outcomes and reduce costs. Founded by 3x founders from medtech and autonomous vehicles, we're on track to be the fastest surgical robot to market of all time. First indication is prostate enucleation.
363. fume : We are building an AI software developer that can solve complex tasks. All of those bugs, sentry errors, feature requests can now be handled by Fume now. Just report them over Slack and tag Fume under it. Fume will solve all of them in minutes. If you find yourself copying and pasting code over to ChatGPT all the time, shoot me an email at emre@fumedev.com
364. avion-school : 
365. magicbus : Our mission is to take cars off the road by making it safe and easy to vanpool in the post Covid world. A vanpool is a group of people who commute together, usually in a shared van. It’s an excellent, cost effective way to commute, used by hundreds of thousands of Americans, but the industry is largely offline. It’s difficult to find, join, and start vanpools. We build software that fixes this, making vanpooling simple and flexible. We believe that in a post Covid world, it will be more important than ever to rethink shared transportation and make it more adaptive. Our customers are organizations like transit agencies and employers who have existing vanpool fleets. We provide these customers with our SaaS platform that manages their vanpool programs. We capture real time information about open seats, then make those seats available to book through our app. We also make it easy for people to crowdsource and start new vanpools.
366. onfolk : We make it easy for growing teams to set up and run their payroll & HR (instead of a mess of spreadsheets, poorly integrated tools, and emails with accountants). - 1 min to run payroll - 2 mins to onboard new starters - Hands-off pension & accounting integrations - Centralised employee info, time-off, and reporting Our team are software engineers who spent 4 years scaling Monzo from 400k to 6m customers. While at Monzo we repeatedly got paid incorrectly by their poor payroll providers. So we decided to build the product that they should have used from day 1. We’ve gained certification as a payroll software from the UK government.
367. razorpay : The journey of building Razorpay started in 2014, when Harshil Mathur (CEO & Co-Founder) and Shashank Kumar (MD & Co-Founder) witnessed the dismal state of the online payments industry in India then and understood that they have a larger and more important issue to solve. And That was democratizing online payments for Indian businesses, particularly the underserved market, Startups and SMEs. Over the last 9 years, Razorpay has evolved from a single-product company to a multi-product company, from an online payment gateway to India’s only full-stack financial solutions company, offering payments and banking solutions to businesses. Razorpay today is transforming age-old complexities and changing every known paradigm of money movement for disruptive businesses. Over the last couple of years, Razorpay’s growth has evolved to be an index of India’s digital economy. From a kirana shop in Kashmir collecting payments on our POS device to a textile exporter in Kanyakumari accepting dollars through our International Payments product, Razorpay has revolutionised how businesses have traditionally transacted and interacted with money. Razorpay became the first and only Indian fintech to build a full-stack international Payment Gateway ‘Curlec by Razorpay’ and evolved into a comprehensive provider of payment solutions, leveraging the synergy between cutting-edge technological capabilities and a profound understanding of the local payment ecosystem. The introduction of the new Curlec Payment Gateway aims to cater to a wide spectrum of businesses, expanding its reach to over 5,000 establishments. Be it for international expansion or solving for Indian businesses, for Razorpay, the customer has always been at the core of all disruption, from addressing evolving needs to delivering new solutions. This hyperfocus helped bring Razorpay’s several industry-first innovations into the market since 2014. Razorpay became the first to launch a completely digital on-boarding process for startups, first to launch support for UPI, first to launch support for Bharath QR, first to introduce recurring payments for businesses through Razorpay Route, automating payment receipts and later automate payouts and making the entire process seamless and optimized and many more were introduced aling the way. Other firsts include: - First to launch India’s Multi-Network Tokenisation solution, TokenHQ - Razorpay became India’s first payment gateway to support credit cards on UPI - Razorpay also became India’s largest omnichannel payment gateway for businesses post acquiring Ezetap which is India’s leading offline POS company that was founded with the aim to simplify the in-person offline payments experience. Over the years, Razorpay’s valuation has jumped from $1 billion to $7.5 billion and has added a host of marquee investors to its captable. Razorpay is also the second Indian company to be a part of Silicon Valley’s largest tech accelerator, Y Combinator. Marquee investors such as Lone Pine Capital, Alkeon Capital, TCV, GIC, Tiger Global, Sequoia Capital India, Ribbit Capital, Matrix Partners, Salesforce Ventures, Y Combinator, and MasterCard have invested a total of $741.5 Mn through Series A, B, C, D, E and F funding. The last financing round of Series F led the company’s valuation to $7.5 Billion signaling one of the fastest increases in valuation for an Indian Unicorn. Razorpay has also made acquisitions with like-minded companies over the last 9 years. In total, till date, Razorpay has made eight acquisitions, Billme in 2023 - A Digital invoice and customer Engagement, Ezetap in 2022 - India’s leading offline POS company, PoshVine in 2022 - India’s leading loyalty and reward management platform, IZealiant in 2022 - A mobile-first, API-enabled, and cloud-ready payment solution and made its first international foray in South-East Asia by announcing its acquisition of Curlec in 2022 - A recurring payments platform. TeraFin Labs in 2021 - the AI-based SaaS platform that facilitates digital financing solutions, Opfin (Now RazorpayX Payroll) in 2019 - The payroll management solution and Thirdwatch in 2019, the first acquisition - The AI-powered fraud detection platform. All these efforts are being done in collaboration with banks, regulators, and stakeholders so that India can build a better place for small and big businesses. Today, Razorpay powers online payments for 76 Of 100 startup unicorns and millions of businesses in India. The core premise of what Razorpay was founded in 2014 and what it is today hasn’t changed. It is to make money movement simpler and easier, whether it is for businesses to receive money, send money, or manage money.
368. bannerman : Bannerman helps businesses hire and manage security guard services. Our technology eliminates busywork and human errors so we can provide a more reliable security experience. Our customers have total transparency into the guard schedules, attendance, and incident reporting. We’re the only place where you can instantly book security guard services in all 50 states.
369. drip : Drip combines the best of Pix and a credit card. We enable customers to pay with credit and earn 2%+ cashback with the speed and widespread acceptance of Pix. Through our app customers can onboard, shop nearly anywhere and manage their payments. We're enabling transactions via Pix's existing network (85%+ of e-comm).
370. clickfacts : ClickFacts is a Malware Software Solutions company for buyers and sellers of online media. Its automated plug and play malware discovery solution tests online ads (SWFs & 3rd Party Ad Tags) and web pages within websites to ensure they do not distribute malware onto usersâ€™ computers (which can lead to identity theft). Its moderation software solution monitors websites to ensure the ads running on them are free of inappropriate content (e.g., nudity, racism), and its Ad Buddy product provides to advertisers real-time continuous monitoring and a complete history of where their ads have run. ClickFacts Inc. was founded in 2005 by Mikhail Ledvich, Mikhail Gurevich, and Greg Gurevich in Boston Mass, with initial funding by YCombinator. It is now based in San Francisco, California.
371. engage-bio : Engage Bio is developing mRNA immunotherapies to defeat cancer. Our founders have deep experience in immunotherapy development, including four drugs in the clinic, and in building mRNA therapeutics platforms. Our approach is to provide cancer cells with instructions to make and gradually release our drugs within solid tumors. This local therapy allows us to eliminate tumors while sparing healthy distant tissues.
372. spaceryde : SpaceRyde is building the future of space cargo transportation to facilitate and encourage necessary in-space developments, innovations and economy. SpaceRyde is the only sustainable mode of space transportation. Its innovative system utilizes a stratospheric balloon to bypass the atmosphere without emissions nor depositing black particles into the ozone layer and is the world’s first and only multi-functional rocket. After completing its initial mission, the vehicle will remain powered in orbit and joins its rocket network until assigned its next in-space mission, including tasks such as; refuelling, deep space missions, space junk removal and de-orbiting. SpaceRyde’s story began in 2018 with husband-wife founders Saharnaz Safari and Sohrab Haghighat and the dream of eliminating the barriers to innovation in space. The company is now a rapidly growing team of over 30 employees with a 25,000-square-foot rocket factory and state-of-the-art engine groundworks facility.
373. zenbase-ai : Zenbase helps developers focus on programming by automating prompt engineering and model selection. We’re core contributors of Stanford NLP’s DSPy, the #1 LLM optimization framework used by Meta, Microsoft, Google, among many others. But it's hard to use outside of academia. We're building the production version.
374. dear-brightly : Dear Brightly offers prescription skin products online. Our mission is to get people access to the most effective, dermatologist vetted skincare products for healthy skin, using technology.
375. pivo-technology-inc : Africa has experienced robust macroeconomic growth over the last five years and was the second fastest growing region in 2019 with a GDP of $2.6T, a 3.7% increase on 2018. Nigeria makes up $0.5T, 50% of which comes from Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) – a huge number of these operate within large manufacturing supply chains. Starting with Freight Carriers Pivo makes financial services easily accessible for truck owners and truck drivers by providing a bank account, debit card and digital invoicing tools so they can get paid faster and avoid cash flow problems. This will be further augmented by more fundamental financial products such as credit, transaction management, and expense management, to improve their cashflow.
376. marketfox : Marketfox is a Marketing Automation software that simplifies Marketing with AI. Launched in 2017, Marketfox is a YC backed company. Its powerful features allow websites to attract, convert, and engage more visitors into customers in the web and app.
377. matterport : Matterport is an immersive media technology company that is shaking up the 3D / VR world. Our team has built the first end-to-end system for creating, modifying, distributing, and navigating immersive 3D and virtual reality (VR) versions of real-world spaces on web and mobile devices. Matterport offers the world's most inexpensive and simplest way to capture 3D spaces. Our products include: - Matterport Pro Camera for capturing real spaces in 3D. It collects accurate visual and spatial data to map entire areas in minutes and is all about automation and ease of use. - The Matterport Cloud for processing and hosting 3D models - Matterport Portal, our system for viewing, editing, and managing models; collaborating with colleagues; and sharing models with others - Matterport 3D Showcase, a browser-based 3D media player, which allows anyone to view 3D models in their browser with no additional software - Matterport Core VR: All Spaces can be converted to VR and experienced on Samsung Gear VR or Google Cardboard (in beta), with additional device support coming soon. Matterport 3D media solutions power industries from real estate (residential, multi-family and commercial) and travel and hospitality (hotels, vacation rentals, and venue booking), to business listings, architecture, engineering and construction, news and entertainment, and everything in between. We’re growing fast. If you’re passionate about solving cutting-edge problems in computer vision and hardware design and creating order-of-magnitude improvements in the ability to easily create and share 3D models of real world spaces, we want to talk to you. See open positions at matterport.com/jobs. Try Matterport for yourself at matterport.com/try.
378. atmo : Atmo is the leading company bringing artificial intelligence to meteorology for governments, militaries, and corporations. Atmo builds state-of-the-art AI weather forecasts that are up to 50% more accurate, 10x more detailed, and run 40,000x faster. Atmo has rapidly become the trusted AI meteorology partner for high-stakes users worldwide, such as the US Department of Defense, top aerospace companies, the Philippines, and the United Nations. Today, Atmo forecasting systems protect vital infrastructure and enhance economic activity for its partners, including disaster response, renewable energy, agriculture, transportation, and national security.
379. grubmarket : GrubMarket is the AI-powered technology enabler and digital transformer of American Food Supply Chain industry. Our mission is to build and provide the eCommerce and software technologies to this industry, to transform this completely offline and highly manual industry into modernized online industry powered by software technologies, and improve the efficiency of American food supply chain.
380. sendbox : Sendbox helps small e-commerce merchants who sell directly to customers through their own online channels or social media platforms with fulfillment. We now handle local and international fulfillment for over 7,500 merchants within Nigeria.
381. moni : Moni finances small businesses in groups across Africa. The collective responsibility of the group serves as a collateral on the loan while the social pressure from the members ensures on-time repayment. There are over 44million SMBs in Africa. We launched 7 months ago and we already have $72k MRR growing at 50% MoM. We achieved 99% repayment on 11,000 units of loans with over $5M disbursed. This is 15 times higher than most financial services in Africa. Femi (CEO) worked previously with the World Bank with a focus on financial services while Dapo (CTO) led the development of the technology for one of the largest digital lending apps We are also backed by Y Combinator(W22), Magic Fund, Ventures Platform, Voltron Capital and more.
382. mathos : Mathos AI (Formerly MathGPTPro) is the leading AI math solver that enables academic performance and productivity of both students and teachers. It has empowered over 1M students from over 200 countries in the past year, which turns the previously mission-impossible personalized learning into real. Our advanced math AI model achieves roughly 20% higher accuracy in mathematical and quantitative problem-solving capabilities then GPT4o. As we move forward, we will tackle the hardest problems in the educational sector, personalization, adaptive learning, and shortages of teachers, with our trial runs in schools. By automating grading, providing insightful analytics, and generating adaptive assignments, our model empowers teachers to understand what their students need and what should be provided accordingly.
383. kickpay : Kickpay is transforming how companies finance their inventory. By leveraging a client's data, we enable them to access financing that was previously unavailable, allowing them to grow faster. With Kickpay, you only pay for inventory after it sells. Not months beforehand.
384. backerkit : BackerKit is the best way for crowdfunding project creators to manage their backers, help fulfill their campaign on time, and allow them focus on what they love doing—making something awesome!
385. akido-labs : For the first time in history, technology exists to create a healthcare system that anticipates your needs and responds with precision, and is always accessible to all, regardless of financial means or geography. Since 2015, Akido Labs singular focus has been to make this vision a reality.
386. democracy-earth : Our mission is to build a sustainable democracy for the Information Age. We create censorship resistant, free and open source software that can deploy democracies anywhere there's an internet connection. We have implemented governance infrastructure for crypto networks; shadow referendums for activists in critical countries and the first Quadratic Voting implementation in the USA for the Colorado Legislative House. Backed by Templeton Foundation (2019), Y Combinator (2015) and Fast Forward (2016). Presented on TED Global (2014). Awarded by MIT Technology Review (2017) and Singularity University (2016). We did research for Alphabet, World Economic Forum and the University of Berkeley.
387. meter-feeder : Cities are losing billions of dollars trying to price the curb for shared vehicles (Car2Go, Scoot, FedEx). Meter Feeder enables traditional and autonomous vehicles to pay for parking with no human interaction, so cities can make money, and fleets can remain compliant.
388. canvas : Canvas is the AI-copilot for enterprise customer success teams. By automatically surfacing and addressing the most critical risks and growth opportunities, we transform CSMs from reactive support managers into proactive growth drivers.
389. unusual : Unusual uses AI to tailor your website for each visitor. Companies use Unusual to boost conversion from their SEO content, ads, and email and LinkedIn campaigns.
390. collections : Collections is a cross-platform personal content manager built for the age of cloud computing. It gives you access to everything you have stored in cloud services like Dropbox and Google Drive and in web apps like Facebook and Instagram, as well as your local files. As a universal finder for the cloud, Collections lets you bring together all of your most important digital content, helping you to regain control over your online presence. What would Apple's Finder look like if it were invented today, rather than in 1983? Collections is an Internet-age personal content manager, a fundamental reinvention of the file manager that lets you easily access and organize all of the digital content you have that's currently scattered across a dizzying array of cloud storage providers and web apps. It's a file system for the web.
391. goscale : 
392. kobo360 : KOBO360 is powering African Enterprise through technology. The company was founded in 2018 to solve the inefficiencies in Africa’s supply chain, by creating a platform that connects manufacturers and cargo owners with truck operators, to move their goods seamlessly across the continent. KOBO's key focus is to accelerate economic development and sustainable growth in Africa through a streamlined delivery process of raw materials from ports to the manufacturer, and finished goods from the manufacturer to the last-mile customer. The company uses data analytics and artificial intelligence to reduce inefficiencies in last-mile delivery, provide transparency and visibility, reduce communication gaps within the entire ecosystem, optimize pick-ups and deliveries, and improve routes in real-time. Our predictive analysis also gives businesses valuable insights and enables them to make informed decisions, thereby enhancing productivity and improving customer experience. We have a physical presence in 7 African countries; Nigeria, Benin, Ghana, Uganda, Kenya, Côte d'Ivoire, Burkina Faso.
393. metoro : Metoro is an observability platform specifically for service architectures running in Kubernetes. With no code changes or instrumentation you can get total observability into you clusters and the apps running inside of them. The entire installation takes < 10 minutes. Out of the box you get: Traces, Metrics (infrastructure, application and language level), Logs, Continuous profiling, Regression tracking, Network traffic inspection, Infrastructure monitoring, Alerting, Automated diagnostics
394. clipdrop : ClipDrop is an app that turns regular mobile photos into professional product visuals. Thanks to companies like Poshmark, Etsy and Ebay, there are now over 25M sellers who need great visuals for their shops but most of them don’t have access to a professional photographer or a design team. We replace all of this with our app available on mobile and desktop. We’re a team of former Google, Facebook employees and Machine learning PhD’s and academic Professors. We believe that machine learning will bring professional photography and design to millions of businesses for a fraction of the cost.
395. real-artists : 
396. futureleague : FutureLeague (previously known as Camperoo) teaches kids ages 6-12 engineering and programming with a focus on teamwork, creativity, and design thinking. Kids level up in skills while participating in hands-on projects to reach 100 hours of instruction, similar to going from white belt to black belt in martial arts. They also host corporate team building events with Fortune 500 companies to foster design thinking and innovation. FutureLeague is a Y-Combinator backed startup based in SOMA, San Francisco. Emmie Chang, CEO/ Founder, previously created the largest summer technology camp in Texas and math ed-tech software that was used in over 35 school districts serving hundreds of thousands of students.
397. slidely-ai : Slidely AI is a PowerPoint add-in that uses AI to design presentations and make them corporate-ready in seconds. Save up to 80% of time when formatting slides with Slidely.
398. nala : Story here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PPsHg3Ap_qw We have two products: 1. Consumer Cross Border payments to Emerging Market: nala.com 2. Payment Rails for Africa: rafiki.com
399. glade : Glade is revolutionizing gaming with AI-driven worlds. Our debut title, Cursed Crown, is an anime-inspired multiplayer ARPG set in Alder, where players bridge cultural divides between fractured regions, guided by a deep narrative and responsive AI characters. Unite Alder, explore its mysteries, and restore harmony through cultural understanding.
400. saldor : Asynchronous software engineering assistants.
401. memo : We all know the attention economy is damaging our ability to focus. Memo is for people that are mad as hell about their time being sold to the highest bidder. Forget laborious old email and hyperactive Slack. We built Memo as the feel-good alternative that will make you love communication again and get back time for what matters to you. Memo's features make every message high value so you can communicate more effectively.
402. skillza : Skillza works with schools, teachers, students, and their parents in the Middle East and Africa to build tools to maximize learning outcomes. We help today's teachers to integrate new technologies into their classrooms to improve the learner-centeredness of their classrooms. Our flagship product Quest is a tool that helps teachers and schools to simplify the process of creating and managing assessments. Teachers create and distribute assessments as well as measure and manage student performances in seconds saving them hours everyday to allow for them to focus on what they do best - teaching.
403. hyperseed : Hyperseed is the Zapier for billing. We help companies handle their custom billing workflows without code and instead, with spreadsheet formulas. Hyperseed replaces manual work borne of billing system limitations and lets companies avoid spending engineering resources on homegrown systems.
404. enzyme : Enzyme provides online quality management system software and supportive QA/RA consulting, helping life science companies with FDA approval and ongoing compliance. Enzyme staff has over 50 years of medical device industry experience, across several Fortune 500 companies and startups.
405. spaces-life : 
406. electroneek : We help Enterprises transform their business processes with RPA workflows and enable structured data extraction from any document types (Intelligent Document Processing, IDP). Awesome YC deals for founders (check out us in 'Deals'). Connect any system, automate any process.
407. autopallet-robotics : We’re building the next generation of warehouse robotics. In the US today, retailers spend approximately $10B per year paying human laborers to pick up and move cardboard boxes in warehouses. Existing solutions for automating this are expensive and difficult to install, which is why manual operation is still so prevalent. Our solution is different. We make swarms of small mobile robots that install into existing warehouses to provide a low-cost and robust automation solution for case picking and mixed-SKU palletization. Our novel technology allows these robots to be installed and operate at significantly lower cost than existing solutions while being both flexible and robust.
408. pinnacle : Pinnacle is an API for RCS, the new standard for SMS for app-like text messages. For example, developers can create messages that show products that can be purchased with one tap natively on iOS and Android. If you're currently using SMS from Twilio, etc, and you don't want to leave money on the table, get in touch with us - founders@trypinnacle.app with subject "YCBIO". If you're a YC company, we'll get you a free founders mode™️ hat, 1000 free msgs/mo + 24/7 real founder mode™️ support when you switch to us.
409. dot : Our mission is to help everybody in an organization to take data-driven decisions, by democratizing access to trusted high-quality data and metrics. **Chat with your Data Warehouse** Answer most business questions instantly 24/7. Data teams can focus on deep work, not on answering easy questions about dashboards. Dot understands your existing data stack: tables, SQL queries, documentation, DBT metrics or LookML are its learning material. Users can interact via Slack, Teams or our native web app. ➡️ https://getdot.ai/
410. statiq : Statiq connects electric vehicle owners to EV chargers. EV owners can discover chargers near them, pre-book a slot and pay for the usage conveniently. Property owners can buy, share their chargers, manage them and earn by becoming charger hosts with Statiq. Our EV chargers can be found at shopping malls, workplaces, restaurants , hotels, residential spaces.
411. lune-ai : A replacement to standard LLMs for coding tasks - eliminate hallucinations with a marketplace of expert LLMs trained on hundreds of technical topics.
412. dressd : Dressd is AirBnb for clothes; a P2P clothing rental marketplace. Unlike Rent the Runway, we don’t handle any inventory or deal with cleaning the items. Our initial target market is sorority girls who can have up to 3-4 events per week that they need a new outfit/dress for. One of our core theses is that this idea couldn’t have existed at scale until now because resale apps like Depop & Poshmark paved the way for a P2P model to work after familiarizing users with the process of taking pictures of items, shipping, etc. Advantages to our P2P model - Entrepreneur-led - Similar to Depop, most of our growth will be spearheaded by a group of “top renters” - More variety in inventory - Existing rental companies like Rent the Runway own all the inventory so they're limited to the brands they buy/partner with. Since we're P2P, our users can rent any item or brand that's in someone else's closet - Better margins - we don’t touch any inventory or deal with the cleaning of any items - Unlike Rent the Runway, we don’t handle any inventory or the cleaning of items. This means people renting out their clothing on Dressd are responsible for shipping things out & returning them in good condition Here are some of our links! [dressd website](https://dressd.com/stylist-waitlist) [dressd instagram](https://www.instagram.com/shop.dressd/) [dressd tiktok](https://vm.tiktok.com/TTPdMPYFRY/) read about dressd in Yahoo! Finance: [https://www.yahoo.com/now/dressd-app-someplace-2-133700219.html](https://www.yahoo.com/now/dressd-app-someplace-2-133700219.html)
413. semantics3 : Our products: - Data APIs/Feeds (Retail feeds, UPC lookups, Keyword search) - AI APIs (Categorization, Attribute extraction/NER, Matching) - Dashboards (Analytics reports, Price monitoring) We offer enterprise solutions for: - E-commerce Marketplaces (catalog generation & enrichment, seller on-boarding) - Logistics (HTS/tariff classification, attribute enrichment) - Brands (market share & trend reports, price monitoring)
414. darsel : Darsel is a AI-powered math education chatbot which is designed to supplement K12 education systems in resource-constrained environments. Darsel allows students to practice math questions & do their homework through platforms like SMS, WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger.
415. protegee : We’re excited to launch our first product that allows your AI voice agents to accept payments easily and securely over the phone. We manage compliance, security, and fraud, letting you focus on creating great experiences. We are setting the stage for the agentic economy, starting with voice payments. Web and agent-to-agent transactions coming soon.
416. spoil : Spoil fundamentally changes the way people interact with each other. Spoil brings people closer to on another through genuine gestures that are fueled by technology. With a tool that empowers its users to engage in positive human interaction, Spoil inspire them to give, and enhances how they receive. Using technology, Spoil predicts what makes someone happy and leverages on-demand logistics to make it happen. With Spoil you can make anyone happy as easily as calling an Uber. Spoil is all about the experience we provides to both the sender and the recipient. Focusing on how we want the recipient to feel, each step of the process leverages the right emotions and builds a story around the Spoil being received. This makes sending a Spoil a thoughtful gesture as opposed to just an exchange of items. Spoil help individuals and corporations acknowledge people around them through genuine gestures. It is the only medium accessible to everyone that builds simple, contagious and ubiquitous happiness. Because, we believe that everyone should be Spoiled.
417. odo : State and local governments buy $1.5TN worth of products and services from companies every year. However, the process of finding and winning government contracts is extremely fragmented, non-standardized, and time consuming today. Odo is the first AI-powered platform to help companies win state and local government contracts. Odo can find relevant contracts, draft proposals, and analyze why companies won or lost through public records sourcing. Our customers have saved up to 80% of time drafting proposals and increased their win rates.
418. ready-for-zero : ReadyForZero creates online financial tools for managing debt automatically. ReadyForZero users create plans, make payments, monitor credit and track their progress via the web or mobile. As of 2015, customers paid down over $250 million in debt - on their own. ReadyForZero was acquired by Avant.
419. enflux : Enflux makes motion capture clothing for the masses. We are a technology platform serving Virtual Reality, Fitness, and Health through our open API. Our customers include Hasbro, The Jim Henson Company, and many more.
420. aerotime : A modern calendar that helps people prioritize their work by goal setting, time blocking, and reducing fragmentation created by randomly placed meetings and distracting Slack messages. Aerotime helps you create key goals for the week, helps break it down into tasks and meetings, and streamlines the calendar to support and align your team. This leads to people being effective and not busy.
421. style-lend : Style Lend is a marketplace for luxury fashion rentals. Members can monetize their closets by listing their items directly on the iOS app or the website. And other members can rent them directly for a 7 day period.
422. iona-mind : Iona Mind is building the first fully-digital care pathway for common mental health issues. Our products are based on Cognitive Behavioural Therapy (CBT), one of the most effective evidence-based forms of treatment, which is delivered in a fully automated way using a conversational interface. Unlike other wellbeing apps, our exercises and programs are evidence-based, with over 300 peer reviewed journal papers showing the efficacy of CBT in the treatment of many common mental health conditions.
423. start-closing : Start Closing is the best project and customer tracking tool for the restoration roofing industry. Our product aims to provide Contractors a streamlined way toward transparency with the customer, efficiency within their own organization, and accountability throughout the restoration claim process.
424. synthetic-minds : What if you could turn your screen recording into an unattended automation, or on-screen guides for your coworkers? That is exactly what we allow you to do. We take the recording, run a compiler to analyze it, synthesize a program from that analysis, and create an automation or guide within seconds.
425. unnyhog : We create portals to other dimensions to open people thousands of different lives. Unnyhog is a global game development company with 4 released games to the market. Our latest game, UnnyWorld, is a fantasy style MMO game with gesture controls designed to unite mobile and PC users.
426. yardbook : At Yardbook we know how proud you are to own and operate your own landscaping business. We also know how challenging it can be to make sure everything is running smoothly. With this in mind we are pleased to offer our free software for running landscaping businesses! Yardbook is designed to provide an end-to-end solution in helping businesses with a multitude of roles such as creating schedules, estimates, completing invoices, payments, timesheets and so much more. Since we launched a little over a year ago, over 7,000 businesses in the US are now powered by Yardbook. During that time we have processed millions of dollars in invoices and helped owners, like you, organize their many administrative responsibilities. If you’re still using paper and pencil, or juggling between many different systems or spreadsheets in order to stay organized, give Yardbook a try today!
427. instacrops : Instacrops is a simple dashboard that helps farmers maximize their crop yield. We give farmers IoT sensors to put in their field. We combine that data with satellite and drone data to provide analytics on the health of their farms. Farmers use this to increase their crops yield by 12% on average. We’re live on 300+ farms across Latam and have reached more than $200.000 in monthly revenue, growing 2X YoY. There’s 2.9 billion acres of farmland in Latin America which makes this a $50 billion market. We’re instacrops. We’re bringing data driven decisions to farmers worldwide
428. wakie : Users perform millions of calls and send hundreds of millions of messages every month. The topics vary from language practicing to mental issues to personal life conversations.
429. wattson-health : Medication errors cost the healthcare industry $40 billion each year, the largest contributor being the manual processes employed by pharmacies. Wattson Health's automation platform integrates with pharmacies' existing systems and enables them to fill prescriptions error-free in a matter of seconds vs. hours or even days.
430. routine : Routine is an all-in-one workspace that allows individuals and team to manage their work and life through a single app, both on desktop and mobile. With Routine, entrepreneurs, CEOs, investors, executives and managers around the world stay on top of things and accomplish more. Routine has been created in 2020 by Julien Quintard and Quentin Hocquet, serial entrepreneurs who previously founded Infinit which they sold to [Docker](http://www.docker.com) in 2016.
431. diffusion-studio : Diffusion Studio is Canva for video editing, we allow anyone to import video footage they have taken and our AI will generate a publish-ready video. We have achieved this only now because we replace heavyweight desktop apps with the newly released WebCodecs and WebGPU web APIs, that enable hardware-accelerated encoding in the Browser.
432. datasaur : Datasaur builds intelligent, optimized, human-centric LLM/NLP tools. If you're still using Excel or maintaining your own in-house tools, Datasaur can offer you significant cost-savings and improve the quality of your training data. We provide tools custom-built for power users. Our built-in intelligence helps augment your human labelers and avoid costly mistakes; our workforce management tool allows you to assign projects to and cross-validate the results from multiple labelers to ensure you can train your models with the utmost confidence. I have 10 years of consumer product experience. I'd be happy to help discuss product strategy and gamification. I'd love to get any advice you have to offer on SaaS and enterprise sales.
433. gitduck : Duckly enables teams to talk and collaborate in real-time. Teams can use a simple URL that is easy to join and remember. You can share a website and allow your colleagues to click, type, and browse with you. You can share your code directly from your IDE or even share a terminal session that your team can interact with. All with high-quality audio and video chat. We are building tools for real-time remote collaboration that makes it easy for teams to work as if they were side by side and share what they know.
434. champ : Champ is the proven #1 outbound AI SDR. Our AI agent has been hired by largest public companies, and fast growing startups to lead their outbound GTM efforts.
435. offstream : Offstream is Vanta for carbon compliance. Today, every new infrastructure project, from data centers to biomass power plants has a complicated mess of local, state, federal, and private sector standards that they must understand and comply with to make their projects profitable. Offstream solves this by using LLMs to parse regulations, generate technical reports for customers, and manage 100,000+ operational data points on project’s lifecycles. We cut the time customers spend on compliance by 90% and at 1/5th of the cost of alternatives.
436. plura : Plura (formerly Bloom Community) is a YCombinator backed startup based in Oakland, CA on a mission to use software to bring people together. Plura is a social and dating community that helps you meet new friends and partners organically through shared events and experiences. We partner with local event producers to help you connect and chat with other attendees before and after events. And, with a strong consent culture and referral-based community, we're the safest place to meet new partners and friends. The team is led by Luna Ray. Luna spent 5 years at Facebook, most recently leading viral user growth for Instagram from 700M to past a billion users in two years.
437. pulse : Pulse develops and offers a iPad based application that enables doctors in India to digitize all their patient medical records.
438. zenbox : Zenbox is a browser extension that connects all of your SaaS services.Open an email, and Zenbox pulls in your customer information from dozens of services right into the sidebar.
439. kodo : 
440. carousel-technologies : We help investment bankers & consultants prepare materials faster & with fewer errors. Carousel is a PowerPoint plugin carrying a suite of tools designed to help junior professionals save time while putting together decks. Our first tool brought a supercharged version of Word's "Track Changes" to PowerPoint so deal teams could quickly review each other's work, speeding up the feedback loop of giving and turning comments by 10x. Our second tool uses computer vision to populate charts and tables in PowerPoint based on Excel data, as well as extract table data from PDFs into Excel with two clicks. We've got many more features on the way that build out a complete toolbelt, including an AI copilot for PowerPoint that can handle complex, multi-step tasks, outperforming Microsoft's native copilot.
441. carupi : Carupi is the world's 1st lightly managed peer-to-peer digital marketplace ("C2C"), like Airbnb, for used cars, allowing individuals to safely and conveniently buy and sell cars from home with the push of a button. Differently from pure marketplaces such as craigslist, we take care of every transaction end-to-end (as 'concierges'), from taking car photos at the user's place to advertising his car, managing offers, taking his car (fully insured) to buyers for free at-home test drives, handling paperwork and payment. And differently from dealers or dealer-like companies, we don't use any physical infrastructure or need to buy cars for inventory.
442. point-api : Point stores things you send over and over again and helps you re-use them instantly. Point can store ANYTHING, including long email templates, links, images, and emojis! When you want to re-send your pitch, support ticket resolution, or even just a Calendly link, Point makes it easy to find and reuse it so you never have to type it out again. No need to search for your favorite emoticon anymore...¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Install our Chrome Extension to use Point anywhere on the web: https://pointapi.com/chrome.
443. leaky : Leaky is the best, free way to compare insurance. With Leaky, we let you compare both prices and personalized quality scores for the largest insurers in the US. Insurance doesn't need to be scary, and so we do our best to help you through the process of comparing, shopping, and buying insurance.
444. giveaway : We help to get rid of the things in your house that are no longer needed without spending any time or money. Our users bid on your items with virtual coins and can often find great products up to 95% off.
445. airwork : Airwork is an on-demand labor marketplace for premium blue collar workers. You can get an Airworker the same way you get an Uber, except instead of a taxi, someone shows up at your work site to work for the day. Airwork fills 98% of shifts in 2 hours. We're currently live in 8 industries across Southern Ontario, Canada, and customers include Tesla, the Toronto Pearson Airport, and the CNE. We're funded by YCombinator, Expa, Village Global, and SHL Capital.
446. levro : Levro is a multicurrency account and global payments platform for businesses. We help US & international companies hold, convert, and pay 30+ currencies. Our exchange at rates are 40-90% lower than banks and FX services like Wise. We also offer free currency risk management, recipient onboarding, automated multicurrency reconciliation, and wire tracking. If you have international customers, employee payroll, vendors, or bulk payouts to different countries please send us a note! founders@levro.com
447. bountiful : We’re on a mission to optimize the agricultural industry. When we started Bountiful in 2015, the grape error rate for predicting production was 30 percent. Why? We found that many farmers in the specialty crops space were still using traditional pencil-and-paper techniques to predict yield. These low-fidelity forecasting methods weren’t giving them a clear enough understanding of their production until it was too late, leading to waste and inefficiency throughout the supply chain. We saw a problem we wanted to solve. Today, Bountiful is using advanced data science to help farmers forecast more accurately, so they can make better decisions. In the last three years, we’ve combined the latest in machine learning with weather, satellite, geographic, and historical data. The result is a user-friendly platform that transforms volumes of complex agricultural information into simple, actionable insights farmers can use to run more economically and environmentally sustainable farms. More recently, we’re working to open the dialogue between buyers and sellers, remove uncertainty, and provide clarity to the supply chain to meet global food demand. Our ultimate goal is to close the agricultural margin of error. Not only will this make individual farms more efficient, profitable, and sustainable, but it will help optimize the global food supply chain. That means healthier people and a healthier planet.
448. taro : Taro members get access to insider advice on how to get promoted at their company, detailed data on compensation, and invitations to exclusive networking events. Taro focuses on the non-coding parts of the job, with courses + Q&A from leads at top tech companies, organized by level + company. The result is faster career growth for software engineers: improved onboarding, promotion, and pay increases. Sample topics include how to optimize performance review, effective code review, and faster onboarding. These are the skills essential for career growth that don't get taught in schools or bootcamps.
449. patched : Patched empowers development teams to build and deploy AI-assisted workflows that can autonomously complete post-code tasks like documentation, code reviews, and security patching. Our workflows can be customized using a visual builder and can be self-hosted with any AI model, enabling automation without compromising security, control, or compliance.
450. elph : 
451. dime-2 : Dime enables manufacturers to utilize their telemetry data to anticipate and prevent equipment and hardware product failures. Our AI agent identifies patterns of key failure modes and builds ML models to prevent them.
452. shepherd : 
453. zanbazaar : Anyone can create their own beautiful catalog pages of products that they want to editorialize and recommend to others. Authors earn a portion of the referral bonus for products sold. Shut down in 2007.
454. alterya : Alterya helps financial institutions, fintechs, and crypto service providers prevent APP fraud by detecting scams targeting their users and exploiting their platform.
455. khabri : 
456. invofox : Invofox is the document processing AI for software companies. If you need to process documents such as invoices, receipts, bills of lading and others for your customers, you can easily build a first-in-class service with minimum effort using our technology. Check out our website and developers portal for more information.
457. crohnology-by-healthy-labs : Crohnology is a global online symptom and health tracking network of over 27,000 patients with Crohn’s & Ulcerative Colitis. Performed research collaborations with University of North Carolina, the Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation of America, Genentech, and Qu Biologics among others.
458. goldenbasis : GoldenBasis makes modern back-office software for brokerages like Schwab or Fidelity, and we’re starting with asset transfers. Every year, $1.1 trillion in assets are transferred between brokerages using decades-old software. Brokerages hire thousands of people to compensate but still lose revenue from abandoned transfers. We solve this problem by automating back-office workflows with AI.
459. parsagon : Parsagon uses AI to monitor and analyze events from sources across the web. You can use Parsagon to: - Collect data on mergers and acquisitions in the news - Monitor press releases from state and local governments - Get alerts when bills related to a certain topic are proposed - And much more! Just tell Parsagon what types of events you want to monitor, and our AI will find what's relevant to you.
460. aura-vision : Aura Vision is like Google Analytics for physical stores. We help retailers make more sales by using their existing security cameras and our plug & play AI to better measure their customers and stores.
461. sirum : SIRUM uses technology to connect, prioritize and simplify various sources of medicine. We help safety-net clinics access this medicine for their patients. SIRUM is an innovative nonprofit organization committed to reducing barriers to health for underserved populations. Incubated at Stanford University, SIRUM draws from the academic and technology expertise of faculty and alumni to strengthen its impact and efficiency. SIRUM has become a leader in prescription drug donations, providing consulting and technical assistance to county governments, community clinics and multiple drug donor groups to establish redistribution programs
462. reworks : reworks is the fastest way for agentic AI companies to integrate with external software. Instead of spending weeks integrating with traditional API:s or writing custom scraping scripts, teams use reworks to build browser-based integrations that don't break.
463. the-human-utility : Founded July 2014, The Human Utility (formerly known as the Detroit Water Project) matches families needing help with utility bills to people who want to help through payments directly to utility companies. For over 40 million families in the United States, water and other essential utilities may be unaffordable. In order to afford utilities, families often forgo medication, food, and transportation. The Human Utility's platform divides a bill similar to a loan syndicate expanding the possible number of donors from around the world able to join together to ensure families never lose access to utility service. Donors are matched with a specific family or donate to a universal assistance fund. Later, we use utility data to design interventions addressing the root causes of why people need help with their utility bills with the goal of never having them lose service again.
464. versori : From operational automations to embeddable custom connectors. Save 10x of cost and time by building custom connectors and workflow automations in hours.
465. ardis-ai : Ardis AI extracts information from your unstructured text data and automatically generates a knowledge graph that can be browsed and queried, by web app or by API. Users can ask complex questions about the content of your text data, and Ardis responds with the answers and the evidence -- even when the information needed to answer the questions comes from multiple documents. Ardis also provides summary views of the topics discussed in your data. Coming soon: an Ardis plug-in for Elasticsearch, and support for natural languages questions.
466. rosebud-biosciences : Rosebud Biosciences accelerates drug development by screening drugs against organoids (micro-organs) that have the same gene mutations as the patients. We partner with therapeutics companies to screen their drugs, and we perform our own drug discovery for rare diseases that have no existing treatments. Our organoids are also fetal-like and enable discovery of novel drug targets for pediatric diseases. This technology was validated at Stanford, published in a prestigious journal, and has already led to the discovery of a drug target in a pediatric heart disease that could not have been found using traditional disease models.
467. labgrid : LabGrid makes browser-first tools for biotech. We enable high-throughput science by tracking workflows and data records in-browser, helping teams work faster and more collaboratively.
468. deepsource : DeepSource continuously analyzes source code changes to find and fix issues categorized as security, performance, anti-patterns, and bug-risks. DeepSource integrates with GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, and Azure DevOps and runs analysis on every commit and pull request, discovers and fixes potential issues before they make it to production.
469. taskade : Meet your AI-powered team with Taskade! Build, train, and deploy AI agents that think, learn, and act—ready to plan, research, and complete tasks alongside you. Unlock powerful workflows where humans and AI work together to boost productivity. Automate tasks, streamline projects, and turn insights into action—all in one seamless workspace. Experience the future of work with Taskade, where AI and human collaboration supercharge your team's potential. 🌐 🐑
470. magnaplay : MagnaPlay is game translation simplified into SAAS. Every game needs to be translated - a process which currently consists of finding freelancers, verifying their quality, negotiating prices, building contracts and waiting months for them to deliver. With MagnaPlay, game developers cut out the middleman and get results 5x faster, at half the price and with more reliable quality. Our combination of AI, expert translators and SAAS fully integrates translation into the gamedev workflow, ensuring games are translated and reach the worldwide audiences that love them so much.
471. rinse : Rinse is building the One Medical for dental. Beautiful studios, easy to book same day appointments, and anxiety-free care focused on prevention, not the upsell.
472. redouble-ai : Redouble AI is the solution to scale human-in-the-loop for AI workflows in regulated industries. Instead of having to rely on slow and expensive human reviewers, Redouble’s clients save 80% of staff costs and significantly improve the accuracy and quality of their outputs by integrating our tool into their workflows. Addressing an $11BN market, the company is already generating revenue with its first set of clients. The founders are two serial entrepreneurs (who have built successful companies in AI and health-tech respectively) and a data engineering veteran who has written more than 120 enterprise-grade software applications.
473. clear-gene : 
474. hera : Google Calendar is built on hypotheses that are now deprecated. Now that most of our meetings are virtual, there is a massive opportunity to remove frictions at each step of the lifecycle of these meetings, and finally make calendars actionable. From Hera, users can: - Schedule a meeting or share availabilities - Prepare a meeting with the right context on attendees and past discussions - Join a meeting in one-click - Snooze a meeting to make sure you don't forget to follow-up All of that without leaving the keyboard.
475. airo-health : Airo Health is a fast growing Y Combinator-funded company building a next generation armband that has changed people think about their health. We are a multidisciplinary team that brings together expertise in biomedical engineering, user experience, artificial intelligence, software engineering, hardware engineering, and manufacturing. Mental Health, an issue often neglected, directly affects your overall health, quality of life, and productivity. Airo is your companion through the stressful times. It sits on your arm and automatically tracks when you’re getting anxious and recommends easy tweaks that reduce stress.
476. worldcover : WorldCover offers peer-to-peer investments that provide insurance to the global poor. We connect a growing pool of investors who seek uncorrelated investment returns and impact from their capital with a huge and growing need for natural disaster insurance in the developing world. WorldCover's platform improves food and income security for smallholder farmers in developing countries. More than 70% of the 2.5 billion people living at the “base of the pyramid” throughout the world rely on agriculture for income and sustenance. Farmers face a number of major risks to their livelihoods which they cannot control. Insurance gives them a sense of security even if they have a bad harvest, allowing them to improve their diets, invest in their farms, and send their children to school. In an increasingly interconnected world, diversified markets are becoming harder and harder to find. WorldCover's investment products offer both retail and professional investors attractive yet uncorrelated returns with the world's financial markets.
477. henry-2 : Henry is an AI copilot for commercial real estate (CRE) brokers that seamlessly integrates a brokerage’s internal data set with external sources to generate custom presentations and financial modeling for deals. Our mission is to help CRE brokers close more deals faster, earning more while doing less repetitive work. We’re initially focusing on enabling brokers to generate deal decks in seconds—a task that typically consumes 20+ hours a week across multiple departments within a brokerage.
478. laserfocus : Laserfocus makes your sales process as simple as possible, but not simpler: - Maximizes the time salespeople can spend on selling by showing them what they need to focus on - Ensures that all data lands into Salesforce in the proper fields so you can make informed business decisions
479. x-zell : X-ZELL™ is a global start-up specialising in rare cell detection technology. Backed by Y Combinator and various high-profile angel investors from around the globe – among them Gmail creator Paul Buchheit – X-ZELL™ has developed a world-first platform technology capable of isolating and visualizing rare and abnormal cells such as Circulating Endothelial Cells (CEC). X-ZELL™’s platform technology is based on four core modules covering the entire spectrum from blood processing through to cell analysis and reporting – with every step performed in-house using patented and proprietary technology. By combining the wisdom of 4,000 years of pathologic research with X-ZELL™’s own, cutting-edge technology, X-ZELL™ ensures robust results and maximum clinical utility across a broad range of medical applications – from research through to medication management, companions diagnostics, relapse control and diagnostic decision-making. More information on www.x-zell.com and @XZELLInc
480. goalbook : At Goalbook, we empower teachers to transform instruction so that ALL students succeed. We partner with over 1000 districts across 46 states, working closely with school and district leaders to scale and sustain improved instructional practice. Founded by former teachers and administrators, Goalbook was part of YC Edtech's inaugural class and the first company funded through New Schools'​ Seed Fund, now Reach Capital.
481. appx : AppX empowers creators to launch their personal apps and websites to monetise their audience via courses and premium exclusive content.
482. the-new-money-company : Numo is the new money company — built to be the global bank for the newly minted generation of highly ambitious digital workers in Asia, Africa, LATAM, and beyond. These contractors currently sit in the 95th percentile of earners in their country — but their financial infrastructure is unstable. It's fragmented across PEOs, gig marketplaces, and consumer remittance platforms. With their local currency weakening against the US Dollar, they need control on how and when to repatriate funds. They don't just need a remittance app. They need a bank. Numo provides international contractors with a US bank account — and instant, low-cost payment rails to move money home. This way they can hold funds in USD up to the second they need to spend it. We help international contractors get paid like a local, while banking globally.
483. go1 : In today’s environment, employees need training to ensure business compliance, skill development and to support an engaged workforce. Go1 brings together content from the world’s top training providers and makes it easy to access in whichever platform your organization uses. This makes it easier to deliver, manage and engage with training. Go1 also works with existing LMS, HRIS, and business systems to make learning simpler and more effective.
484. billiontoone : BillionToOne has developed a DNA molecular counter that increases the cell-free DNA diagnostics resolution by over 1,000 fold, which unlocks transformative improvements in prenatal screening and liquid biopsy for cancers. Unity Screen, BillionToOne's commercially available non-invasive prenatal test (NIPT), is the only NIPT that can assess fetal risk for both recessive conditions and aneuploidies from maternal blood. UNITY Screen continues to grow exponentially and is on its path to becoming the next standard-of-care, with an increasing number of publications showing its accuracy and advantages over other screening methods. We have also recently used our molecular counting technology to develop liquid biopsy tests, which have the potential to completely transform oncology care.
485. showbie : Showbie makes it easy for more than 1.5 million teachers and students to organize classroom workflow and improve productivity and communication in one convenient place. Using Showbie, teachers can create, assign and review paperless assignments that students can complete using Showbie’s in-app tools or by getting creative with thousands of compatible iPad and web applications. With additional features such as the built in annotation tools, voice notes and gradebook, Showbie is the complete solution for any 1:1 classroom.
486. parity : Parity is the AI SRE for Incident Response. We're the first line of defense for on-call engineers working with Kubernetes - Parity autonomously triages, root causes, and heals your cloud infrastructure.
487. askmyclass : AskMyClass, is a learning assistant that helps teachers save time and enhance learning, using smart speakers like Alexa, and help students get back-on-task quickly and build life skills through classroom management, social-emotional learning, and lesson support.
488. sketchbox : Sketchbox is like WordPress for VR training simulations, we’ve built the underlying infrastructure that makes creating and updating VR training simulations fast. We primarily work with Fortune 500 companies, and all of our training sims include full student analytics and no-code scenario editors. All training simulations designed with Sketchbox work on the next generation of portable VR headsets, which are battery powered, don’t require a laptop and cost $400.
489. instavest : Investors can list their trades on Instavest, including the company, share amount and rationale behind the investment. Other users can invest alongside the people willing to share their own purchases and sales. Instavest encourages you to block out a portion of your profits — in the neighborhood of 5 percent — that might arise from the transaction for the original listing entity.
490. soff : Soff is a supply chain OS for manufacturing companies. We unify supply chain data and automate core workflows, such as data entry, requesting quotes, comparing quotes, and issuing purchase orders. Our customers save dozens of hours a week spent on repetitive manual tasks.
491. subscriptionflow : SubscriptionFlow is an AI-based customizable revenue management platform that helps SMBs optimize subscription revenue. It monitors user activity to identify customers at risk of churning and automatically alerts the sales team. For example, eLearning/SaaS/Membership businesses require to monitor subscription usage to improve customer retention. Ecommerce/Magazine companies need to see the subscription trends to cross-sell and upsell products/services.
492. rthm : Current Description: RTHM provides virtual-first care for complex illness including Long COVID, ME/CFS, POTS, and mast cell activation. Many clinics focus on teaching patients how to better cope with symptoms, which is helpful, but we don’t stop there. We develop collaborations & partnerships so our patients access to the most promising testing and root-cause directed early therapies for their illness(es) with the goal of simplifying and streamlining the most efficient and effective clinical pathways so they can be scaled in the form of low cost online modules overseen remotely by clinicians. In conjunction with clinical care, RTHM operates a clinical lab and collects deep molecular data with robust clinical context to develop AI-powered diagnostics and better ways of predicting which treatments may work best for whom.
493. shred-video : Shred Video, a new startup launching out of Y Combinator, allows users to take footage from their iPhone, GoPro or drone and simply match it with a song from the user’s iTunes library. That’s all. Shred Video does the rest of the work. Taking into account the acceleration of the camera itself, Shred Video can pin-point the moments of action for surfers, snowboarders, skaters and other acceleration-based sports to highlight all of the coolest clips in your footage. And beyond that, Shred Video matches those epic moments with the beat-drop of the song.
494. dayra : Dayra makes it easy for Egyptian businesses offer Loans and virtual bank accounts to their unbanked workers and customers through their App. For example, one of our customers an Egyptian trucking marketplace uses our API to give truck drivers an early advance on their earnings.
495. valienta : Valienta helps Dropshippers in Colombia (and Latinamerica, eventually) to run the business, reduce costs and increase sales. Through Valienta, our users have access to a marketplace of 160+ suppliers and thousands of products, to the possibility of shipping the orders to most of the country, and to multiple payment methods. In addition to that, our users are able to create their own e-commerce site for free, increase their advertising budget with our credit line, and improve their knowledge on sales and digital marketing with our educational content. We are working to democratize e-commerce by giving any person access to the capabilities that only established companies enjoy. We are working to become The Dropshipping Operating System.
496. stacker : We let you create applications for your team, your partners or your customers, powered by the data you're already using. Connect in your spreadsheets, Airtable or database and we'll automatically create an app for you.
497. cleva : Cleva enables African freelancers and businesses to receive international payment for their service, while protecting themselves from local currency volatility. With a Cleva USD account, one can easily receive USD payment from anywhere in the world, spend via a card, pay bills, convert to local currency, and save in USD to hedge against local currency volatility.
498. call9 : Call9 delivers true Emergency Medicine and Palliative Care at patients'​ bedsides. Currently in Skilled Nursing Facilities, Call9 decreases the time patients wait to see an EM Physician from an average of 64 minutes to moments in emergency situations. In tandem with 24/7 onsite Clinical Care Specialists*, offsite Emergency Medicine Physicians see, diagnose and treat patients at the bedside via the Call9 proprietary platform. Our focus goes beyond the medicine to assure premium patient-centered care by including patients, caregivers, and families in communications from the start. Today, our proprietary technology-enabled services reduce cost and increase quality-of-care within elder-care facilities. Tomorrow, we redefine emergency medicine. *Clinical Care Specialists(TM) are elite emergency responders. Excellent bedside manner and rigorous continuing emergency training make Call9, PC's CCSs a unique specialty.
499. cloudchipr : Cloudchipr helps engineering and finance teams save time and money by automating cloud operations. With Cloudchipr, teams can schedule different automated workflows that send Slack alerts, build Tableau charts, create Jira tickets, and deactivate unused resources across all major cloud platforms. It’s like Zapier for cloud ops.
500. sarus : Sarus solves the problem of accessing or sharing personal data for analytics or machine learning. The solution deploys natively in data infrastructures and lets practitioners work on data they cannot see. Every interaction with the sensitive data is protected with the highest privacy standard: differential privacy Sarus makes traditional anonymization methods irrelevant, saving months in compliance and data engineering while preserving all of the value of data.
501. prayas-analytics : Prayas Anaytics helped retailers A/B test their stores, the way eCommerce companies A/B test their websites. We did this by continuously collecting data on customer movement using existing security cameras already in a retailer's stores. We were a Y Combinator backed company (S15) and worked with several retailers including Barneys, Payomatic, and multiple Fortune 200 retailers.
502. fit-to-form : 
503. stellar : A fool-proof goals platform using GPT to help teams write and track SMART goals at every level. Automates manual, redundant tasks that take time away from team’s high-impact contributions.
504. breadcrumbs-io : Breadcrumbs analyzes customer and prospect data to identify hidden revenue opportunities. It does this through a no-code scoring engine that can be set up in minutes rather than months. Because of Breadcrumbs sales teams can now focus on the right opportunity at the right time.
505. driver-ai : Driver AI is the new way to write technical documentation. It helps everyone in an organization write interactive documents to explain millions of lines of code in minutes instead of months. WHO: We partner with chip manufacturing, enterprise IT, and software product development teams. WHY: Traditionally, these teams spend millions and wait months (sometimes years) to understand their complex technology infrastructure well enough to build on top of it. THE DRIVER DIFFERENCE: Instead, Driver AI is a tool that explains complex codebases in minutes vs. months. This enables teams to rapidly accelerate the technical discovery process and save significant resources. HOW IT WORKS: Driver AI works by digesting a codebase, organizing it for analysis, and harnessing Large Language Models (LLMs) to generate interactive explanations for executives, product and technology leaders, and developers. "Driver AI is a paradigm shift for managing our complex software delivery pipeline." - Executive Vice President, Global Semiconductor Company
506. revenir : Your free money back to you with the trust of your own bank. Individuals and corporations to claim back their value-added tax globally.
507. berriai : An open-source library to simplify LLM completion + embedding calls: https://github.com/BerriAI/litellm
508. obento-health : Obento Health is redefining the CRM experience for medical field sales. Designed specifically for healthcare, we are saving reps time from documentation and empowering reps to create more personalized interactions with their customers.
509. happilabs : We're a SaaS company with emphasis on Service, and we have a mission: to improve the happiness of scientists and the quality of their research. HappiLabs provides a service called the Virtual Lab Manager. We offer PhD level, former scientists to help with safety and regulatory, product research, lab shopping, negotiating, purchasing, inventory, and bookkeeping. Our software tools, such as the ETA Dashboard and the HappiApp, make it easy to request purchases, manage inventory, and check-in packages upon delivery. HappiLabs also has one of the most extensive databases of product prices. These tools, and experienced humans, make us the smartest lab managers in the world. Another way to think of us is an outsourced purchasing department and/or a personal assistant for your scientists. Based in Chicago, and some presence in San Francisco. If you're a newly funded PI, a startup, small biotech, or work with purchasing as a big pharma/biotech, you can use our help.
510. sleek : Sleek provides B2C businesses with a custom browser extension that works on both mobile and desktop. With the extension, you can: - Auto-complete checkout for users with an Apple-pay-like experience tied specifically to your brand. - Offer Honey-like couponing to help your users save money. - Grant users extra cashback at 1000's of online stores, funded by Sleek. Your users spend time and money in the browser. With Sleek, you can be there for them.
511. shasqi : Shasqi is leading the development of therapeutics leveraging click chemistry to get active cancer treatments to tumors with its proprietary CAPAC™ platform. Our technology is based on localizing a click chemistry reagent in the tumor area, which then activates a second agent, a systemically infused protodrug. When the two 'click', a powerful localized therapy is activated at the tumor, while keeping its systemic exposure levels below toxic thresholds.
512. apollo-2 : Apollo is a debit card that rewards you with stock. Every swipe earns guaranteed fractional shares plus a chance to win big with a full share of your favorite stocks.
513. workramp : WorkRamp is the All-in-One Learning Platform that your executives, employees, and customers will love. WorkRamp advances learning as a growth engine for your business with a flexible platform that empowers teams to develop top talent, exceed revenue targets, and inspire customers to become advocates. With a flexible, All-in-One Learning Platform, WorkRamp redefines the LMS for the modern workplace to help executives recognize learning as a growth engine and one of the most strategic investments an organization can make. See why top learning teams at Box, Outreach, and Reddit trust WorkRamp to drive business outcomes and organizational scale.
514. elucify : Elucify believes that good data is the foundation of effective sales organizations. Their mission is to build the infrastructure that enables salespeople to focus on their passion: selling. Elucify was acquired in 2018 by Circleback.
515. corgi-labs : End-to-end suite of fraud detection and prevention solutions, including an analytics product to monitor and understand dispute + fraud metrics, an AI product which highlights transactions for merchants to follow up on, and an AI solution to recommend rules that can be implemented in payment provider platforms (Stripe, Shopify, Adyen) to proactively reduce dispute + fraud rates.
516. arrow : Arrow makes it easier and faster for sellers and shoppers to safely sell and buy online in Southeast Asia. It is first in Southeast Asia to provide brands a better, more profitable checkout experience for their shoppers. Arrow was created to partner with merchants to build consistent and seamless hyperlocal checkout experiences wherever their shoppers come across their brands. Shoppers checkout securely with their preferred payment methods. They no longer have to set up new passwords, face multiple redirects or set up a new account every time they shop. Built specifically for Southeast Asia, Arrow works anywhere that shoppers prefer to shop from. Southeast Asian shoppers love the simple and hassle-free solution since almost everyone in this region shops on their mobile devices. With Arrow, merchants sell more of what they are selling; and shoppers conveniently and easily checkout wherever they shop.
517. value-voting : Value Voting develops political targeting software for advocacy groups.
518. airhart-aeronautics : Airhart is making airplanes anyone can fly. Our semi-autonomous tech will enable 10x more people to fly their own planes and make flying to Tahoe as easy as driving to the grocery store
519. heart-aerospace : Heart makes electric airplanes. We’re based in Sweden, and we’re developing a 19-passenger aircraft (EASA CS-23/FAA Part 23 certifiable). The plane will have an all-electric range of 250 miles and a backup generator for reserves and range extension. We have signed LOIs with Scandinavian Airlines SAS (the biggest airline in northern Europe), BRA and Wideroe for 86+ planes.
520. edgebit : EdgeBit enables engineering teams to ship security updates 10x faster with confidence by automating dependency update analysis. Our platform turns weeks of manual review into minutes, helping teams find and fix security vulnerabilities while maintaining a secure, up-to-date software supply chain without compromising productivity.
521. blume-benefits : Blume is a web app that streamlines insurance quoting, renewal, and revenue ops processes for health insurance brokers. We are working with our first cohort of health insurance brokers to help them save the, on average, 6 hours of manual data entry they do every week.
522. nash : Nash makes it easy for businesses to offer same-day delivery. We do this by building business workflows on top of delivery APIs (like Doordash, Uber, Skipcart). For example, a local dry-cleaning business can start offering pickup and dropoff service at a customer’s desired time without operating their own fleet.
523. tilt : Tilt is a technology company that makes it easy for groups and communities to collect, fundraise, or pool money securely and effectively online. In addition to helping social organizers, the company is legally certified in securing fundraisers for non-profit organizations.
524. makani-science : Makani Science is a medical device company based in Irvine, California. We have created the world's first wireless patch that can accurately and continuously monitor breathing. The company is co-founded by Dr. Michelle Khine and Dr. Michael Chu, two experts in the wearable monitoring space from the University of California, Irvine. The Makani Science system will collect unique breathing waveforms from patients in everyday environments to create the first large database of respiratory patterns associated with different diseases. Data will be collected through systems sold to our initial beachhead market, where we will help improve monitoring safety in patients being sedated for medical procedures. Our long-term goal is to combine machine learning with this database to identify and predict respiratory complications for different patient populations. We have a highly experienced team and will be FDA cleared in our beachhead market within a year.
525. blitz : Blitz is a no-code platform to build internal applications and automate manual tasks. Quickly build a database, integrate your logic, and scale your operations. Alternative to Google Sheet and Airtable, Blitz is not limited by a number of lines of records or by an API rate. Create your data model and set up data validation rules. Use our interface builder to create dynamic forms, and quickly onboard customer and partners. Leverage our granular permissions to share data to external users (publicly or privately). Add advanced business logic to your forms and portals, without writing any line of code. The experience is similar to creating spreadsheets, but without their limitations in terms of scalability and security. You can use Blitz to build an onboarding flow, an order management system or some validation workflows for compliance purposes. Stop using developer resources or rigid SaaS software. Start building your own tools, adapted to your needs, with Blitz.
526. aspect : Build and publish user interfaces quickly.
527. menten-ai : Menten AI designs protein drugs and enzymes using quantum computing and machine learning. Their technology leapfrogs current computational methods making it possible to design previously intractable proteins. The team created the first protein design algorithm for current and near-term quantum computers and created the world’s first protein designed on a quantum computer. They are now working on 3 new proteins, including a peptide to prevent the spread of viruses like Covid-19. They have 2 paid pilot projects with multinational chemical companies and 4 LOI’s with pharma and biotech companies.
528. upfront : Upfront is a personal assistant for home projects, powered by AI and partnerships with local businesses. Instead of sifting through reviews and playing phone tag, homeowners text us, and we connect them with a curated set of home service professionals in their neighborhood.
529. finny-ai : FINNY is building a new operating system for independent financial advisors, and starting by helping them grow. Our goal is to empower the best financial advisors (the independents!) to serve all Americans who want financial advice. We are starting with growth, which is the most existential problem advisors face. The organic growth process is highly inefficient and full of noise. Advisors often waste 60 hours of business development to convert 1 new client. At FINNY, we are certain we can do better with AI. With our tool, advisors can: - Identify prospects within their target niche, aggregating thousands of data points per lead - Prioritize prospects based on their predicted likelihood of converting, a score unique to each advisor and prospect pair - Automate the outreach and meeting scheduling with their high priority prospects In essence, doing all the work for the advisors, and letting them focus on what actually matters, the client relationship.
530. breathe-well-being : Breathe Well-being helps people prevent or manage chronic lifestyle diseases by losing weight through its digital therapeutics program (weight-loss clinic in a cloud, think Noom for India). The program is delivered remotely over the phone and through the mobile app, therefore users are able to follow the lifestyle program from the convenience of their home. Our online program is 3X more effective at 1/4th the cost. The user receives bi-weekly 1-1 coaching focused on behavioral changes, online community for support and motivation, and a mobile app that provides educational lessons, lifestyle tracking tools and weekly challenges (gamification). The content and behavioral change techniques are centred around healthy diet, fitness, lifestyle and stress reduction. Our unique coaching methodology employs cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), goal-oriented treatment and self-efficacy enhancement. The coach helps the user bust negative emotions of past failures in weight-loss and increase motivation by linking short-term achievable goals with the user's personal values. Through the program, the user is able to self-identify triggers of unhealthy habit adoption and make better decisions. Breathe Well-being has demonstrated success in helping people lose weight, build long-term healthy habits and reduce/eliminate medication for lifestyle diseases (example - Type 2 Diabetes). We are looking for ideas to improve our sales processes so that we can get users to enrol at a higher conversion rate post our 1-week free trial. We need to identify triggers when users are most likely to pay and provide them with a seamless process for paying on-the-spot.
531. riley : 
532. yondu : Yondu is creating the robotic workforce of the future starting with logistics automation. We're deploying humanoid robots in the first flexible, drop-in picking automation solution designed for 3PLs.
533. kirkland-north : Kirkland North is taking an infectious campus-wide game that it ran at Yale and Harvard last year and spreading it to other campuses around the country. The game, called Turf, pits sections of campuses against each other in a virtual battle for university-wide domination. The founders are currently rolling out individual versions of their online game as a service for institutions including Stanford and Harvard.
534. friday : Email sucks. It takes forever to go through, and hiring an assistant is costly and invasive. Friday is building the assistant that learns how to predict the action that you will take on your emails, and does it for you. Today's email products try to help you go through your emails a little faster, but if you have to get through 1000 emails, those products doesn't do much for you. The reality is, most of the emails you get don't require you to personally look at them. Friday completely eliminates the need to check those emails, and handles them all at once for you, immediately. Friday is here to file away spam, sift through newsletters for important tidbits, text you important notifications, and reply to mundane emails, so that no matter how many thousands of emails are in your inbox, you'll just be left with the few emails that actually require your personal touch. Getting this right is difficult, so everyone else settles with trying to help you go through your email twice as fast. If you want to go 100x as fast, you shouldn't spend even a second on useless emails. Friday gets this right, bringing the elite experience of having a professional assistant to the entire world.
535. fithub-2 : FitHub is an online supermarket specialized in healthy products, currently operating in Colombia. We have a healthy and eco-friendly sourcing criteria for every product we offer. We are like Good Eggs for LATAM.
536. upshift : Upshift is tooling for plugin systems. We help product companies support extension points, which enable them and their users to build and share additional functionality on top of their core product offerings. Extensibility with Upshift drives more sales, better retention, and compounds value over time. Up until now, only the biggest companies have had the resources to build these types of systems because it can take years and massive upfront engineering investment to ship something. We cut the time-to-production down to weeks. And this will open up previously inaccessible possibilities for mid-sized businesses and fast-growing startups. We know how to build it. For more than six years, Adam and Thomas have worked together as eng leaders, mastering our system integration expertise from Palantir and Candid Health. Our biggest win included converting an $823 million contract vehicle for the US Army, overhauling their entire data fabric.
537. brace : Brace is the new way to host your website. We believe that website hosting shouldn't be complicated. With Brace, updating your website is as simple as saving files in Dropbox. Brace gives you two versions of your website, a Draft version and a Production version. The Draft is for iteration and collaboration. The Production version is optimized for performance and scale.
538. openbiome : We are a nonprofit stool bank, expanding safe access to fecal transplants and catalyzing research on the human microbiome.
539. cambridge-cancer-genomics : CCG.ai exist to ensure that each patient has the right drug, at the right time, to beat their cancer. ‍ We build the software to enable data-driven precision oncology and systematically develop data-driven biomarkers indicative of treatment response. We believe that increasing amounts of clinical and genomic data have the potential to transform cancer treatment, and enable oncologists to make smarter decisions about which drug to use in which circumstance. We are expanding our team in Cambridge, UK, offering a fantastic opportunity for dedicated individuals who are comfortable in a high-work high-reward environment, and who are enthusiastic for a dynamic and varied role. We are looking for people who fit well into our team and company culture, and who like to overcome challenges and drive the business forward. In exchange, we offer a competitive salary with performance related bonuses and stock options, alongside excellent career development opportunities in a fast-growing start-up with a chance to truly impact how cancer is treated. To apply, please send your CV to info@ccg.ai
540. grouper : Grouper is a social club that sets up drinks between 2 groups of friends: 3 guys and 3 girls (or 3 guys and 3 guys, etc.). Grouper started in New York in the summer of 2011 and now organizes Groupers in major cities across the US. Members have shared tens of thousands of drinks. The company was founded by Michael Waxman, a Yale grad and developer who formerly started language-learning company Batiq, and Tom Brown, an MIT engineer who was an early employee at MoPub (acquired by Twitter for 350MM). The founding team also includes Challen Hodson and Kristen Badal. Grouper was funded by Y Combinator in the Winter 2012 batch.
541. snappr : Snappr is the one-stop-shop for visual content creation, backed by the largest marketplace for on-demand photography and photo editing services. Snappr Shoots is a self-service product for anyone to book a photoshoot in as little as 60 seconds. Snappr Workflows is a SaaS solution for brands for automating visual content pipelines.
542. moons : Moons manufactures and sells orthodontic clear aligners in LATAM. Our focus is on providing excellent patient service whilst keeping prices accessible - we can do this because we make the aligners ourselves in our dental laboratory and sell the aligners exclusively in our own clinics
543. povio : Povio is helping founders turn visions into digital realities. With over **1,000 successful projects** under our belt and a robust team of over **200+ skilled professionals**, we are the powerhouse of innovation and design. We've partnered up with over **60 YC founders**, so we get the unique challenges you face and what it takes to build something great. A proud YC Winter 2014 alum, Povio has a legacy of startup success. Our portfolio spans diverse industries, offering bespoke solutions to giants like **Volkswagen**, rising stars like **Flexport**, and notable figures including **Serena Williams** and **Arnold Schwarzenegger.** **Why choose Povio for an extra hand with your project?** Our **400+ happy customers** and a **90% referral rate** speak volumes about our commitment to excellence. We make the software development and product design processes a seamless and delightful experience, with every project backed by top-tier managers and quality assurance analysts to ensure smooth and efficient delivery. Whether you're scaling up, launching new products, or optimizing current systems, povio.com is dedicated to propelling your growth.
544. goodly : 
545. glimpse-k12 : Glimpse12 captures everything you're doing to impact student outcomes and evaluates these activities in the context of student achievement. Traditionally, eROI is virtually impossible to track and manage. The company's approach maximizes district's education return on investment (eROI) by providing answers to critical questions essential to ensure your time and money are aligned with the unique needs of your students.
546. tolemi : A smart city technology platform that helps state and local governments take a data-driven approach to ensure safe, stable, and affordable housing.
547. beek : Beek is the app where latinos listen to the best audio content in Spanish from their favorite creators (audiobooks, meditations, audio series, and original content). Users pay a subscription to access all the content, and creators make money per minute listened. There will be an audio platform for the 480M native Spanish speakers and Beek is the team building it.
548. humanly : Our mission is to empower the world’s hiring teams to grow engaged, high-performing organizations - by delivering human connection at scale through innovative technology, commitment, and fairness. High-volume hiring is extremely broken - it is inefficient, ineffective, and biased. Our mission is to fix what is broken. We believe great hiring processes are centered around quality conversations between candidates and employers and a future where every candidate’s journey starts with a conversation - a future where candidates are considered without bias or archaic artifacts like resumes and cover letters.
549. aalo : 
550. spadeworks : SpadeWorks is a marketplace where businesses can book trained and certified blue collar professionals for their maintenance / back end jobs. For instance, Restaurant owners instead of coordinating with multiple partners, and spending hours in follow up can now seamlessly book and track pest control experts, HVAC professionals, Hob cleaners, runners with just a click of a button. On one hand it brings in transparency, convenience and assurance for businesses and on the other hand it provides reliability of work, financial guarantee and dignity of labour for the professionals.
551. waza : Waza is the B2B platform for global payments and emerging market trade. We make it easy and affordable for businesses with no access to USD to fulfil their global payment obligations, treasury and liquidity needs.
552. studydojo : StudyDojo is building the AI study platform students actually obsess over. Our platform houses pre-loaded question sets, study notes, mini-lessons guided by an AI tutor that adapts to each student individually.
553. covie : Interacting with insurance across a variety of carriers should be undifferentiated heavy lifting - a piece of infrastructure like Stripe, Twilio, or AWS that "just works"in the background while your business focuses on what makes it different. We provide programmatic building blocks to make this a reality, putting a carrier-neutral API and tooling on top of insurance, starting with policy access (think Plaid, but for your insurance company) and monitoring. Our technology has a variety of use cases that range from insurance verification and tracking, financial advising, compliance & risk management, and marketing/distribution of insurance products.
554. eden-farm : Problem: Indonesia has severe problem in multi-layered food supply chain food which are very harmful to farmers income and restaurants' raw material cost due to food price volatility. Eden's Solution: Cut through the multi-layer middlemen and bring stability to food price in Indonesia thus help stabilise farmers income and lower restaurants raw material cost. Farmers: We provide our farmers with revenue guarantee and demand forecast B2B Customer: Our B2B Customers consist of Restaurant and Cafes, we serve them with stable price and quality guarantee Eden's Tech: Ordering App: Collecting customer order, placing Eden's brand on our customers's desk everyday ERP: Processing supply & demand data to produce demand forecast and internal performance measurement Farmer's App: Collecting harvest data and communicating Eden's supply need to them.
555. flowiseai : Flowise uses low-code approach that enable developers to manage the whole lifecycle of building LLMs apps in production. From protoyping, evaluation, to iterations.
556. blacktop-hoops-by-vinci-games : Vinci Games is building Take Two Interactive for AAA VR games. We're building the next-generation ATT games for AR/VR. Blacktop Hoops is the ultimate VR basketball game and sports experience. Embark on a hoops journey in career mode, ball against bots, hang out with friends in online courts, or climb the rankings in competitive pickup games. Design your perfect avatar with millions of unique combinations. Do you have what it takes to become the GOAT? 🐐 The company is led by CEO Nathan Ventura who led world-class developer programs at Oculus, Google, and Unity and CTO Maciej Szcześnik who was the lead gameplay designer at CD Projekt Red for the award-winning Witcher series.
557. speck : We're the makers of Paige. Paige is an AI frontend engineer that helps developers iterate faster on websites. Our customers use us to save hours on slow frontend development. Lucas built Sweep, an AI developer. Raghav won 9 hackathons with LLM agents. ‎ Join our community: https://discord.gg/speck
558. leada : Leada offers a data training program that companies utilize to on-board their employees in the company's data. The data training program enables professionals to understand how to answer the common business questions they face in their role using their BI tool, SQL, R, or Python.
559. dockup : Dockup gives on-demand environments for engineering teams so they can merge pull requests with confidence. It works like CircleCI, but allows you to manually test and see each code changes in action with your entire tech stack without having to mock any of your services.
560. capway : CapWay is a financial technology company that creates financial access and opportunity for all via our ecosystem, including digital banking tools, savings tools, financial content, and inclusion consumer fintech products. The company fills financial gaps and provides solutions for the growing cashless economy and those who are looking to move away from the traditional financial system, including those who have been misunderstood, overlooked, and underserved. CapWay has a B2C and B2B2C customer acquisition strategy.
561. slashauth : Slashauth builds a developer platform for web3 enabled apps. Slashauth’s platform provides login functionality, role based access control, data storage, and more to any web3 enabled application.
562. ramen-vr : XR + AI are the most fundamental computing shifts of the past century. We're using XR and AI to build products that empower creators of online games and virtual worlds. Meaningful games can change lives, and every game starts with its developers. We believe that game devs can change the world. ‍ We're a team of devs working on solving the hardest problems in game development. We previously built the #1 VR game Zenith: The Last City on Steam and Quest. We've raised $40m+ to date and have been working in stealth on our next game as well as tools that will shape the future of game development.
563. fortress : Fortress is a Postgres developer platform that makes it simple to globally distribute data (replication and sharding) in a cost-effective manner. Developers use Fortress to reduce network latency for their global users, comply with data sovereignty regulations, and for the peace of mind of a platform that manages horizontal scalability.
564. bikry : Bikry App is a no-code platform that helps stores and services go online in India. We build them an online catalogue integrated with digital payments and pan-India delivery logistics within 5 minutes. Stores share their website and Android app link via Whats App and other social media channels to generate orders.
565. parcelbio : ParcelBio is delivering the next generation of RNA medicines.
566. alemhealth : AlemHealth connects hospitals and diagnostic centres in emerging markets to a global network of diagnostic imaging services. Our suite of plug-and-play radiology solutions makes it easy for any facility anywhere to access and provide world-class diagnostic care to its patients. We designed our hardware and software from the ground up specifically for emerging markets, where access to internet, electricity, and clinicians can be difficult. Learn more about our solutions at www.alemhealth.com.
567. thunderpod : Thunderpod is a no-code platform that helps workplaces and communities engage their members by providing them with an Engagement Management System (EMS). What SurveyMonkey is for surveys, Thunderpod is for engagement.
568. cowrywise : Cowrywise is a FinTech company democratizing access to premium financial services by making these services available to the mass market cheaply. We are leveraging technology and investment management to re-imagine how financial planning, savings and investment products are delivered to people. We do this by helping our customers achieve their savings and investments goals in a simple, secure and affordable manner.
569. vinco : Vinco helps companies in Latin America pay for blue-collar employees’ online education. We do this by connecting employees to accessible programs (like High School, College, and Language Courses) and in turn, improve employee retention by at least 2x.
570. browser-use : Browser Use allows developers to create state of the art web agents with a few lines of code. We currently stand at 89% on Web Voyager dataset, which is the best web agent you can actually use. Fastest growing repository on Github in January 2025
571. alpas : Alpas provides data-driven sourcing for procurement departments of mid and large-cap manufacturing companies. We use ML methods to provide 360° views of suppliers and supply chains, benchmark suppliers globally and assess geopolitical as well as supplier-specific risks.
572. sync-2 : at sync. we're making video as fluid and editable as a word document how much time would you save if you could *record every video in a single take?* no more re-recording yourself because you didn't like what you said, or how you said it. just shoot once, revise yourself to do exactly what you want, and post. that's all. this is the future of video: *AI modified >> AI generated* we're playing at the edge of science + fiction. our team is young, hungry, uniquely experienced, and advised by some of the greatest research minds + startup operators in the world. we're driven to solve impossible problems, impossibly fast. our founders are the original team behind the open sourced wav2lip — the most prolific lip-sync model to date w/ over 10k+ GitHub stars. we [1] train state-of-the-art generative models, [2] productize + host them for scale [3] grow virally through content [4] upsell into enterprise
573. warpbuild : Accelerate software development with WarpBuild. Get 30% faster, 90% cheaper CI builds in 30 seconds using WarpBuild cloud runners for Github Actions.
574. cellchorus : At CellChorus, we apply artificial intelligence to evaluate thousands of microscopy videos in parallel to evaluate how immune cells move, interact and perform over time. This allows our customers to discover, develop, manufacture and deliver cell therapies, antibodies, vaccines and other novel therapies faster, at lower expense, and with higher rates of success. Our customers include top-25 biopharma companies and seed-stage biotechs that are developing cell therapies, antibody therapeutics and vaccines (including one of the few companies with an approved CAR T cell therapy). Hear from the team at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IE9x_tm0XnI
575. plover-parametrics : The insurance industry struggles to insure new risks like climate change. The amount of climate risk that goes uninsured every year is $180 billion and growing. Plover's software platform enables insurers to design new insurance products quicker and manage policies cheaper, unlocking new risk markets and geographies. Plover's team previously worked together at Palantir, handling data infrastructure for the US Department of Defense.
576. bharatx : We enable brands to launch Credit-as-a-Feature in under 5 mins. They can simply use our Plugins or Copy-Paste style APIs and go live in under 5 minutes without worrying about how Credit Risk or Capital/Compliances etc will work. Simply connect with the BharatX platform and start disbursing Credit. Be it to enable a White-Labelled Pay Later option on Checkout or to give your Neobank's users a White-Labelled Instant Credit-Line option. You can enable it all, as fast as 5 mins! So next time you buy a course on Frontrow use "Frontrow Pay in 3" and while shopping offline, @Spenny's (YC) "Credit" feature to pay to Merchants Offline on UPI.
577. hudu : We help IT departments collaborate, simplify their operations, and organize their information. Users can share passwords, network documentation, business processes, and other technical information in one secure, customizable, and easy interface. Instead of multiple, complex services to manage their businesses, companies can now use one, unified solution.
578. accountable : Issue employee cards, match properties to charges instantly, sync to your PMS and accounting platform, and close your books faster.
579. fanchatter : FanChatter fuels your fans so they can promote you better than any ad ever could. Our customers are big guys (NBC Universal, Clear Channel, Gannett) and little guys (bloggers all over the world) who pay us to source and showcase the most abundant yet least leveraged marketing material on the planet... Pure, voluntary social chatter about your interest. FanChatter offers you the tools to find it, refine it, and make it multiply. And that is the future of advertising.
580. ragas : The fragmented and proprietary evaluation tools today are leading to significant inefficiencies and confusion among developers. The world needs a standard everyone can rely on and that is why we are building Ragas as the open-source standard. We have 4k stars on GitHub, 1.3k members in our discord community, and over 80+ external contributors. We also have partnerships with key AI companies like Langchain, Llamaindex, Arize, Weaviate and more to help create a standard. We already process 5 million evaluations monthly for engineers from companies like AWS, Microsoft, Databricks, and Moody’s and it is growing at 70% month over month. We are building LLM application testing and evaluation infrastructure for Enterprises.
581. peoplecq : NowPay, a FinTech startup founded by ex-employees of IBM, Microsoft, Orange and Amazon, is building a financial-wellness platform for employees in emerging markets. Saving, spending, budgeting and borrowing. Those are the 4 pillars of financial-wellness. NowPay aims to improve every aspect of those for employees by building products that tackle every vertical. NowPay enables employees to get their salaries in advance at any point in time during the month and also pay their bills instantly. NowPay is backed by 500 Startups, Beco Capital, Endure, Plug and Play, MSA Capital, 4dx, Foundation Ventures, EFG and Beltone and has raised 3.7m USD so far.
582. ownlocal : OwnLocal works with more than 3,300+ local media companies to transform their legacy customers base into sophisticated local digital advertisers. Our technology has been designed to work seamlessly with your current sales processes and makes it simple for any newspaper, radio station, or broadcast television station to help your local customers win online.
583. junction-bioscience : Junction Bioscience is building an autonomous AI scientist to navigate the discovery of transformative medicines. Our scientific hypothesis engine iterates upon breakthrough chemistry from the laboratory to achieve clarity and control over the molecular basis of disease. We focus on the intersection of neuroinflammation and immunology where uncommon molecular insights position us to develop best-in-class therapies for millions of patients in need.
584. hutsy : Hutsy is a new way to buy a home for the modern home buyer. For the first time, we’ve built a hybrid agent-tech process that will help you with your entire home buying process. We are committed to helping you from searching & submitting offers to signing closing documents in the simplest manner possible. We find the best local agents, title officers, lenders, inspectors and streamline the process start-to-finish so that you don't have to worry about dealing with shady folks. We've eliminated redundant back-and-forth so that you can search, schedule and sign easily online. We give you a clean dashboard to keep track of any upcoming closing costs, and the transaction progress at all times, so that you can prepare for what is required of you well ahead of time. Ultimately, we've retained the humanistic elements of the process, provided by the best agents and third parties, and fused it with the latest tech for your convenience. This means that you consistently get the best home buying experience, every single time.
585. ponyrun : Ponyrun evaluates people for you. We help you answer questions like: Should you sell to them? Are they a good fit for your product? Should you interview them? Its easy to use. Give it a search URL or a list of people. Tell Ponyrun what you want to evaluate the person on. And Ponyrun will go through the person's information (e.g. LinkedIn), and evaluate them.
586. datashare : DataShare is a data-as-a-service platform that lets you embed charts, dashboards and exports directly into your product. For example, if you run an accounting startup, DataShare would enable you to embed a full profit and loss dashboard, with downloadable statements. DataShare is backed by an enterprise-grade data warehouse, and can be implemented in fewer than 20 lines of code.
587. iambiq-technologies : We help organizations read and process large amounts of text-based data usually handled by humans.
588. codeball : Codeball finds bugs in your Pull Requests, lets you ship faster and with higher confidence. The Codeball AI is trained on millions of code contributions to recognise risky code changes.
589. numind : NuMind is a tool for data scientists, data analysts, but also software engineers to create custom NLP models. For example, a recruiting company uses NuMind to find which job offers best match a given resume. Etienne (CEO) was head of Machine Learning at Wolfram Research, and Samuel (CTO) co-founded Make.org (8M users). NuMind originated from our own frustration when developing NLP models. Leveraging large language models similar to GPT-3, NuMind allows to complete NLP projects at least 10x faster than before. We launched a private beta August 2 and had 9 paying customers one month later.
590. omg-digital : We create the next gen digital media brands for African audiences. Our media properties include: OMGVoice and Bitnode
591. haystack : We are bringing the competitive advantage data-driven engineering teams like Google have - to everyone else. Our analytics platform plugs directly into developer tools like Github to provide insights on delivery speeds, bottlenecks, and risks that impact team velocity & developer happiness. We're trusted by some of the world’s most innovative teams: Microsoft, The Economist, and Indiegogo and backed by Y Combinator, Soma Capital, Funders Club, and strategic angels (Founder @Optimizely, SVP Sales @Amplitude) . Haystack is a culture of tinkering, learning, testing and iterating. We ship quickly and help our customers do the same. We're led by founded by two technical founders who have experienced this problem first-hand after scaling their startups from 0 to 100m+ users.
592. inkhunter : 
593. webiny : When the public cloud appeared migration was easy. Existing apps running on physical servers could just be moved to virtual machines running in the cloud. The cloud is now moving towards serverless, and serverless is not backward compatible. New tools need to be created and existing apps need to be rewritten. Webiny provides developers with everything they need to build those serverless apps. We are a 100% remote team.
594. modern-realty : The future of homebuying.
595. relate : Relate is a modern Sales and Marketing CRM platform for B2B companies.
596. edexia : Edexia is an AI teaching assistant that grades papers for teachers. It learns the style of each individual teacher, so it can grade just like they do, saving up to 100% of grading time. Edexia can grade assignments from any curriculum, year level, subject, or format. Learning like a teacher, it visually breaks down its understanding of the rubric, and updates this as a teacher corrects its grading on the fly. Our vision is to transform education by facilitating the safe and effective integration of AI across all institutions and applications. Not using AI to replace teachers but rather to empower them—providing them with all the time and resources they need to develop their students.
597. velorum-therapeutics : Velorum Therapeutics is developing a new class of cancer drugs that starve tumors by hijacking cancer metabolism.
598. glide-2 : **What is Glide?** Glide lets users pay for transactions with tokens they already have on any chain. This eliminates the need to swap, bridge, or hold specific tokens to pay for transactions. Glide supports all EVM-compatible chains and hundreds of tokens, and lets users transact with the most popular smart contracts. **Who is Glide for?** Glide can be used by dapps and wallets to help their users complete transactions with tokens they already have. These tokens can be used to make cross-chain or same-chain transactions.
599. machine26 : Machine26 is a marketplace that helps construction machine owners to sell their machines without any effort. Our inspection app collects all relevant data on the machine condition so that our customers can receive the best offer from international used dealers within a few days.
600. vista-power : Vista installs energy storage and solar at commercial and industrial properties for $0 upfront, helping businesses save up to 30% on their energy bills. The founding team previously worked at SpaceX, Rocket Lab, NASA and Firefly.
601. curtsy : Curtsy is [an app](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/curtsy-thrifting-delivered/id1029107786) that lets women buy and sell clothing, shoes, and accessories from their phones. Curtsy doesn't hold inventory; all orders ship directly from sellers to buyers. We make money by deducting a 20% fee from each sale. Curtsy's go-to-market strategy has been to focus on ~Gen Z women ages 15-30, who are underserved by the major players in the space like Poshmark and Ebay.
602. lambda-tea : 
603. naytev : Y-Combinator (S14) A/B test your videos, articles, and images on Facebook, and automatically publish the best version everywhere. Get started at www.naytev.com. Testing is every top social team's secret weapon. It's no secret that standing out in the News Feed has become more difficult. That's why elite content teams test how the content they post to Facebook will appear. We help the top brands and publishers in the world stand out in the noise and reach larger audiences. With Naytev's cutting-edge techniques, you can run expert-level tests in a matter of minutes. Already an expert? We can help you scale your test volume and improve the quality of your tests.
604. bakool : Bakool is the first group buying platform for fresh produce in Indonesia’s tier 2 cities. Our agent network allows customers to get produces cheaper than retail, delivered
605. green-canopy-node : Construction costs are climbing out of control, there is a declining construction workforce that gets smaller with every recession. Meanwhile, we’ve got a housing crisis in our major cities. Green Canopy NODE is the combination of NODE - construction technology start up that develops a house assembly kits that we manufacture in our factory in Seattle, and then ship flat-pack - like Ikea, and Green Canopy a vertically integrated developer, general contractor and real estate fund manager already operating in Seattle and Portland. We are continuing to develop and launch construction technology solutions including prefab components and software into our pipeline of residential projects ranging from small apartments, town houses, single family homes and small dwellings. Our mission is to build homes, relationships, and businesses that help regenerate communities and environments.
606. cloudthread : Cloudthread is an analytics platform that helps engineering teams build cost efficiently in the cloud. We were behind Lyft's internal cloud cost management system and now we use that deep expertise to help organizations save hours of engineering time, reduce cloud bills, and prevent costly re-architectures.
607. clerky : Clerky builds software to make legal paperwork easier for startups and their attorneys. From formation to fundraising to hiring - everything a startup needs. Thousands of top startups use Clerky to get legal paperwork done safely and efficiently.
608. nearwave : NearWave makes a handheld imaging device that helps physicians select the right therapy for their breast cancer patients. This prevents patients from suffering through months of side effects caused by unsuccessful treatments.
609. virtually : The first ever "Student Relationship Manager" for online schools to bridge the gap between educators and students. Track attendance on Zoom, send reminders, and more.
610. adagy-robotics : Adagy is a remote intervention service that rescues robots when they fail. For example, when a tractor robot gets lost in a field, instead of calling the farmer for help, it can now call Adagy, whose operators will take control of the robot and remotely drive it back to safety. We’re starting with trained human operators assisted by generative AI, and as we collect more data, our model will learn to handle more of the edge cases. We want to see a world with more robots, so we’re addressing the biggest problem in robot deployment: reliability.
611. graft-concepts : Graft Concepts' approach is simple: create unique and iconic products through creative problem solving. They aim to create accessories with traits that pair elegantly with the device it's intended to enhance. Instead of creating iPhone cases that require brute force to install, their Leverage case was crafted with an elegant clasp that secures the case in place without distracting from the iPhone's original aesthetics. As a small and new company, they strive to innovate just beyond the familiar and create improvements that define new perspectives. They are a small team that prides itself in providing a great customer experience to go along with a great product. Their products are designed in Southern California, engineered by the Swiss, and manufactured by hand picked factories to ensure high-quality standards.
612. nophin : Nophin helps commercial real estate professionals screen deals faster with Cresa, an AI Analyst that automates multifamily deal screening and diligence processes, freeing up time for what truly matters—closing the best opportunities. Acquisition teams are overwhelmed with manual tasks, from screening countless deals that don't meet buying criteria to analyzing complex documents and conducting market research. These inefficiencies lead to missed opportunities and slowed decision-making, making it difficult to focus on high-potential opportunities. Cresa is the first fine-tuned multimodal Agent capable of handling various workflows for acquisition teams around the clock so they can focus on high-potential deals that align with their buying criteria. Cresa can screen deals, analyze documents, and generate comprehensive reports.
613. smart-alto : 
614. andoria : No more brittle RPAs – Andoria is the most intuitive platform for enterprises to build intelligent process automations for any manual and repetitive tasks. Unlike traditional RPA that easily breaks, Andoria can handle unstructured data, complex decision-making, and adapt to software changes.
615. quantic-labs : Everyone hates their CRM, but why? Data entry is monotonous, distracting, and error-prone. CRMs are great in theory but are only as good as their data. Enter Quantic, Quantic takes your unstructured data (customer activities, like calls, emails, meetings, & documents) and automatically updates your CRM. Saving you time, covering your ass, and improving your data.
616. 42 : 42 is an end-to-end analytics stack for DTC and wholesale brands. Our platform shows you the right insights and data, anytime you need them: - Hundreds of built-in metrics across Stores, eComm, Wholesale, or any other channel - See all your sales, stock and customer in one report, with images - Accurate cost, markdown and promo reporting - Get answers in real-time, during your buyer / supplier meetings - Get your store managers to use data, we've seen 10% margin increases from this - Actually know how much stock you have. We're more than just a dashboard... - No infrastructure needed. We do the hosting and maintenance. - No integrations (for you). We do the heavy-lifting and get your data into 42 - For brands, we work with all the major retailers (via xlsx, portals or EDI) - For retailers, we can be your vendor portal - We integrate with any system - We work with you to tailor the analytics according to your products and naming Our customers include AllSaints, Frasers Group, Incipio Group, Bandier, Deconic... and way more. If you want to learn more about what we do, head over to our website: 42technologies.com ... or go to any AllSaints store and ask a store manager :)
617. grabb-it : Social network, email aggregator
618. gitstart : GitStart accelerates software engineers with Pull Requests as a Service. Assign tickets to GitStart Bot, go to sleep, and wake up with PRs. GitStart Bot automatically manages thousands of AI models and full-time engineers and runs peer reviews until PRs are ready to be merged. It’s scalable, flexible, and quality is guaranteed: you only pay for merged PRs.
619. arpeggio-bio : Arpeggio Bio is a pioneering pharmaceutical company that develops drugs targeting transcription factors using AI and high-throughput RNA-sequencing. With $20M in venture funding, we've targeted "undruggable" proteins like NRF2, TEAD, and GPX4 where our lead program is rapidly progressing towards a DC for the treatment of IO-resistant melanoma. With partnerships with J&J and FORMA, we've validated our platform in rare disease and inflammation with a significant Phase I success.
620. algoriz : Algoriz is an AI based trading platform that enables you to build trading algorithms by simply typing your strategies in English. Algoriz is backed by Y combinator.
621. buildstream : BuildStream makes recruitment and payroll easier than ever for busy construction projects looking to hire temporary workers. Clients get high quality, reliable workers in super quick time, while saving 35% on agency fees. Workers finding jobs through us get better pay, faster pay, and are able to choose from high quality, local jobs.
622. urbankisaan : We've built over last 4 years on precision farming, hydroponics and core agronomy. We make vertical farming affordable and accessible to everyone.
623. hapara : Hapara gives teachers and administrators greater visibility into digital learning experiences Our instructional management suite enables teachers and administrators to provide all learners with safe, personalized and visible digital learning environments. Hapara provides educators with unprecedented access and visibility into learner work across G Suite. Hapara Analytics provides objective data about your digital adoption, allowing school administrators to see and evaluate data about learner engagement, collaboration and device usage, going back to the day G Suite was implemented.
624. cisterna-biologics : Founded in 2022 and based in San Diego, California, Cisterna Biologics is a technology company. It aims to solve some of the challenges currently facing the biotech industry to develop mRNA-based therapeutics – quality, quantity, longevity and cost of mRNA. As mRNA technology matures, it becomes imperative that these issues are solved so we can fully explore mRNA's endless possibilities as a therapeutic. Cisterna uses proprietary technologies to either remove a contaminant at its source or replace the source itself. For example, to remove double-stranded RNA (dsRNA), we use ribozymes - molecular scissors - to precisely cut the mRNA at its 3’ end. This assures not only 3’ homogeneity, but also eliminates dsRNA, which are primarily produced due to self-templated additions at the 3’ end. Utilizing a PCR-like system to amplify the DNA template in large quantities eliminates the requirement for plasmid enrichment in bacteria, the prime source of endotoxin contamination. These are just a few examples of Cisterna’s powerful technologies being used to achieve our goal of 10x higher quality mRNA for therapeutic application.
625. mindstate-design-labs : Developing the next generation of psychedelic therapeutics for mental health indications. We design novel altered states of consciousness using machine learning, human experiential data, and molecular pharmacology.
626. magicode : MagiCode is an AI-powered frontend agent that writes, reviews, and rigorously tests code before pushing a PR—helping busy frontend teams offload complex, repetitive tasks from their workload.
627. subsets : Subsets is the leading AI-driven retention automation platform purpose-built for commercial teams in subscription businesses. Subscription media companies like The Atlantic, TuneIn, Daily Mail, McClatchy, and The Athletic use Subsets to predict churn, experiment with retention strategies, and confidently automate what works to drive engagement and retention. Launched out of Y Combinator’s 2023 Summer batch in San Francisco, Subsets is building the AI-driven retention platform for subscription businesses focused on sustainable growth and profitability.
628. formula-insight : Formula Insight offers Institutional Investors previously inaccessible data. We provide a central repository of financial models so investors can track changes to forecasts, quantify projection accuracy and expedite analysis. This further systematizes the investment process and enables better investment decisions.
629. suggestr : Suggestr is a self-serve, no-code personalization solution for the 20M+ e-commerce brands that sell on platforms like Shopify. Marketplaces like Amazon drive up to 30% of their sales from personalized surfaces (recommendations, bundles, frequently bought together, et cetera). They have large data science teams that build such in-house recommendation engines. However, DTC brands can't afford to do this, and they don't have enough customer data to make the conventional recommendation approaches work. Suggestr uses innovative multi-modal AI technology that sees and understands products (needs 100x less data), allowing it to work with brands of all sizes (SME, mid-market, enterprise). The solution takes less than 30 minutes to integrate and helps merchants increase online store revenues by up to 10% with AI-driven upsells and cross-sells.
630. peekapak : Peekapak is an award-winning, social & emotional learning (SEL) program designed for the classroom and the home. Developed by education experts, Peekapak's innovative curriculum combines teaching skills like gratitude, empathy and self-regulation with Common Core reading and writing standards. Peekapak aims to make SEL learning resources more accessible with its freemium website. Teachers can sign up for free at www.peekapak.com. • Featured on Flare, Huffington Post, EdSurge, Edutopia, Entrepreneur Magazine, BetaKit, TechVibes, Yahoo Finance, International Business Times, CBC TV & Radio, Metro News, Adweek, CTV, Toronto Star and CH Morning Live • Backed by Imagine K12 (the Edtech vertical of YCombinator) & JOLT (MaRS) Accelerator programs with investment and is an Unreasonable Institute Fellow • Research partnerships with Denver Public Schools, Elizabeth Public Schools and Mile High Early Learning and 3 research projects with George Brown College's Early Childhood Department from the Canadian Government (NSERC) and the Ontario Centres for Excellence (OCE) • Academics'​ Choice Award Winner • Winners of the MasterCard Women in Entrepreneurship program • Recipient of the Centre For Social Innovation's Ontario Catapult Microloan, SheEO program and Grand Prize Winner of the It's a Start Competition
631. dimely : Dimely builds AI agents for B2B SaaS finance teams. Our agents automate and bring visibility to time-consuming and error-prone finance workflows so teams can stay lean and audit-ready. We do this by completing, logging, and reconciling the data work, including converting contracts to invoices, calculating overages, reconciling payments, and streamlining revenue recognition. We pride ourselves in our fast time to value. Dimely seamlessly slots into your existing workflows without requiring a rip and replace, meaning you'll immediately see results from Day 1. Stop spending hours on billing today!
632. segments-ai : [Segments.ai](http://segments.ai/) is helping robotics and automotive companies label their multi-sensor data for AI training and validation. Our platform enables customers to efficiently annotate their point cloud and image data, accelerating their path to autonomy. We're a fast-growing, remote-first YC startup with a lean team and healthy runway. [Segments.ai](http://segments.ai/) is used by large organizations as well as innovative startups building the next generation of autonomous drones, delivery robots, self-driving cars, and more.
633. verde : Verde is a lending platform that offers fast loans to small-and-medium sized farmers in Brazil. Our vertical software allows independent ag loan advisors to originate loans digitally and manage their operations more effectively.
634. marathon-education : Marathon Education provides live interactive tutoring classes to K-12 students in Vietnam, we're the fastest-growing edtech player disrupting the $5bn offline tutoring market by allowing students to learn online with the best teachers in large-class or small-class format. The company is founded by Duc, former education private equity investor at TPG Capital - where Duc invested in K-12 education and edtech businesses in Vietnam & Southeast Asia. Duc co-founded Marathon with Tung - serial tech entrepreneur in Vietnam who grew his last startup - Christina's to 500 employees across 8 cities.
635. avairsense : AvairSense is building the smartest AI-enabled cameras ever. We believe cameras are one of those products that really have not evolved over time. Our first product is Sense 1, a smart home camera that has AI built in to analyze on the edge and create a seamless viewing experience of real-time video and audio from their smartphone. We are a smart camera company that believes every environment requires a different camera. AI Cameras for Homes. Restaurants, Factories, Dealerships, and many more. We aim to own the data pipeline from start to end and give utmost importance to data security and privacy.
636. bunkyr : Bunkyr enables companies to protect their users’ data with a simple, hardware-secured API. When a user forgets their password, applications using Bunkyr can provide them a familiar, robust recovery method to restore access to encrypted data. Zero-Knowledge architectures and end-to-end encryption are the only true safeguards against data breaches, but come with large user-experience burdens and engineering overhead. Bunkyr eliminates these obstacles in a way that is friendly to both developers and users, cost-effective, and extremely fast. Users won’t even know Bunkyr exists, while their data stays protected against both breaches and lost passwords.
637. flair-health : 
638. palmier : Code repositories are built for humans to understand and collaborate on code. But soon, they’ll be used primarily by AIs working on our behalf. As this shift happens, the structure and processes around code must evolve. At Palmier, we’re building a new kind of code repository designed for AIs. Every line of code has a history behind it, and we’re making that history accessible for AIs to create more efficient and reliable code, aligned with human intention. Our first product is a platform that helps developers work seamlessly with AI, improving efficiency. We aim to provide an API for any AI to interact with code, giving it the information needed to produce better quality code. Reach out at founders@palmier.io
639. hypnos : Hypnos is a digital sleep journal that helps you discover how your habits impact your sleep. It does this by taking in your mood, daily activities, and pairing them with data from your sleep tracker. Delivering insights on how to improve your sleep and habits.
640. auroraq : At AuroraQ, we are building the world’s first truly practical quantum computing system. This system integrates together different quantum components, each performing different functions with the data, including processing, communication, and memory. Integration of different specialized components that efficiently work together to complete the calculation is precisely how classical computers work. No other quantum hardware company has yet tackled the integration challenge. AuroraQ will be the Dell of quantum computing, sourcing components from our partners to build a better quantum computer.
641. catena-biosciences : Catena’s technology lets us attach any two proteins together using an enzyme and the native amino acids tyrosine and cysteine within target proteins. It is a true platform technology because it enables the joining of any two soluble proteins together with minimal engineering and without restrictions due to protein size or complexity. Our work has already been used to modify cancer specific antibodies, CRISPR proteins and even cell surfaces. Our ability to produce modular protein therapeutics in a fraction of the time allows for true library creation across the therapeutics spectrum from oncology, vaccines, inflammatory disease and beyond.
642. tupelo : Tupelo is building the future of how traditional small businesses are bought and sold. We are the first small business M&A marketplace with modern integrations to make selling and buying a business quick and easy.
643. payze : Innovator of online transactions, helping businesses in former soviet union countries to accept payments from around the world through a single integration.
644. fundersclub : FundersClub discovers, funds, and supports the world's best technology startups. FundersClub created the first online venture capital platform and invests starting at Seed, following on through Growth. The portfolio includes Coinbase, Instacart, Webflow, GitLab, Flexport, Rippling, and other category-defining companies.
645. neodocs : Neodocs lets you perform instant lab tests on your smartphone. Our users are health optimizers and athletes who want to improve key nutritional markers for better performance. You simply collect your sample, take a picture, and results are instantly generated. We are the perfect team to build this. Anurag is a 3-time medical entrepreneur who’s built medical devices, Pratik has worked on AI/ML models for leading US banks, and Nikunj comes from a consulting background at Bain & Co. We’re building your personal lab on your phone.
646. interstate-analytics : Interstate Analytics helps marketers make smarter decisions. The customers of the company are Betabrand, Outdoor Voices, EVERLANE, and JACK ERWIN. It pulls in its users’ visit, conversion, and spends data across all channels and centralizes it in a dashboard. It allows its users to spend less time wrangling data and more time acting on it. It applies attribution models to its users’ data that take into account all consumer touchpoints and makes better spend allocation decisions with accurate performance data. The company deterministically syncs marketing spends and conversion data across devices. Interstate Analytics was founded in 2015.
647. rio : Rio is the premier stablecoin liquidity provider for the LATAM market. We enable access to stablecoins for financial innovators to scale their products.
648. strong-compute : Strong Compute is building the future of Cloud Computing, priced by performance not consumption. Our software and hardware optimizations speed up neural network development 10x-1000x, file transfer 1000x, instance start time 10x. We're starting with AI and are aimed at the $500B cloud market.
649. sphere-secure-workspace : Sphere Secure Workspace For a product demonstration, or for any other enquiries please contact at info@sphere.works
650. pachama : Pachama is a leading climate-tech company harnessing cutting-edge technologies such as computer vision and satellites to drive funding to effective reforestation and conservation projects that sequester carbon, enhance biodiversity and enrich local communities around the world. Through a tech-verified marketplace that counts as customer the likes of Amazon, Airbnb, Netflix and Nespresso, the company drives capital to forests in Brazil, Mexico, India, the USA and beyond. The company is backed by top investors such as Bill Gates' BEV, Chis Sacca's LowerCarbon, Amazon Climate Pledge among others. The company is fully remote and driven by a strong sense of purpose.
651. codebuff : Chat with Codebuff to edit your codebase. It's a coding agent that can iterate and run terminal commands, just like a real engineer! We are going up-market from Cursor, starting at a $49/mo price point. Codebuff chooses files to read automatically on each message, which improves its awareness of your codebase and saves you time. It has full access to your terminal — Codebuff can run terminal commands to install packages, run tests, check for type errors, etc. It's the most powerful coding agent on the market that also happens to be the easiest to use. Codebuff is an engineer working for you. Run `npm install -g codebuff` to get started.
652. cyberfend : Cyberfend offers a robust security solution to protect your web and mobile applications from sophisticated attacks and fraudulent activity. Cyberfend's solution detects account take-over, payment fraud and the use of stolen credentials. All of these problems are relevant to every consumer facing web and mobile product/service. Cyberfend’s solution uses a new security paradigm – human cognitive science coupled with advanced machine learning. The result is a robust detection system with near zero false positives and false negatives. Today Cyberfend protects nearly a billion login and payment transactions every month for many large e-commerce, web and payment customers. Cyberfend's product is at the intersection of almost every single cutting edge technology today : a) Our core product employs heavy machine learning b) On the backed, our product is cloud based and deals with enormous scale (customers are directing significant portions of their traffic to us) c) On the front end we need to deal with both web and mobile (IOS, SDK) challenges.Please visit us at: www.cyberfend.com. Cyberfend is backed by Y Combinator, SV Angel and A Capital. Cyberfend was acquired by Akamai Technologies in December 2016.
653. streak-2 : At Streak, we are building a new age personalized & gamified banking solution for teenagers. We are a fast-paced edu-fintech startup working towards redefining children and teenagers' relationship with money.
654. landed : Landed helps employers develop programs that increase access to homeownership for their employees. We do this by unlocking the power of shared appreciation to create down payment programs tailored to the needs of each institution, improving recruitment and retention of key talent. Unlike other programs, shared appreciation is mutually beneficial to funders and buyers, creating a self-renewing pool of capital that recycles as homebuyers exit the program.
655. eduvee : eduvee aims to become a leading learning and tutoring platform, integrating great content, delivered to learners on any device with a recommendation engine that drives personal learner relevance. An intuitive and agile learning technology focused on tutoring STEM subjects at secondary school level (although the platform can be tailored for other education vertical markets). Curated content, curriculum configured, adaptive learning engine, with real-time data analytics. Cloud solution delivered to desktop and mobile devices, platform agnostic. http://eduvee.com eduvee is a refined and robust technology that allows us to digitise & augment content faster than anyone, it includes automated language processing of PDFs to split & map content against learning objectives. An adaptive learning technology that recommends content based on both the similarity of content & users. With a dynamic Data Analytics engine providing real-time updates to students, parents & schools adopting the platform to efficiently evaluate & improve learning outcomes.
656. kaya : Kaya is on a mission to help businesses achieve rapid growth through digital advertising. With our cutting-edge technology and experienced marketers, we deliver ad campaigns 10x cheaper, better and faster than traditional agencies. In less than a year, we’ve helped 120+ businesses achieve multiple fold growth on their ad campaigns, without the steep fees typically associated with high-quality marketing services. Check out what some of our customers have to say here: usekaya.com/reviews
657. clara : Clara is Deel/Rippling for in-home senior care. We provide an all-in-one payroll, tax, and insurance platform for families to directly employ caregivers, and a marketplace for them to discover and match with their ideal caregiver from our network of hundreds of qualified local care providers. Clara was founded by two former Uber colleagues who have experienced the challenges of managing care for a loved one personally, and are inspired by the opportunity to apply their tech backgrounds to solving the most widespread and impactful issues in the >$120B in-home care industry. Clara's marketplace is currently live in the SF Bay Area, delivering hundreds of hours of care to local families. Our consumer-facing senior-care payroll and tax management solution is live nationwide.
658. valor-water-analytics : Today, water supplies are more scarce than ever before, requiring water utilities to operate more efficiently than anyone thought possible. That’s where we come in. Like water, the flow of data from water utilities is both measurable and manageable. Valor helps utilities transform complicated data into simple solutions that can make a big difference. Some call it advanced water utility analytics. We call it all in a day’s work.
659. deep-meditate : 
660. vecindario : We make it easy for real estate developers in LATAM to sell new properties and close mortgages, unifying the experience, so home buyers can buy a home in just a few steps and without the need to look for more intermediaries. We do it all online: selling homes and approving mortgages is 6x faster.
661. yumdots : YumDots wants to be the go-to mobile application for finding places to eat when out on the town. Its emphasis on using interactive maps to display information about local restaurants makes it more efficient than other mobile review services like Yelp's. The service is launching soon.
662. riya-collective : 
663. command-ai : At Command AI, we believe in a world where the internet “just works” for every visitor, customer, and user. As the internet has become more powerful and crowded, it has become harder for everyone to use. And the solutions we’ve come up with to date — like irritating chatbots and pestering popups — end up being ignored or even annoying users more than they help. We sell tools to software builders and buyers to help them make their software better for users. We call this as our User Assistance Platform, and it comes in 2 pieces: - AI Agent — an AI chat agent that can answer users questions, perform actions for them, and even co-browse with them to teach your interface. - Nudge Platform — AI-assisted nudges, hints, and messages to guide users in personalized ways that don’t annoy them. We do this by optimally delivering nudges based on in-product behavior not just static rules as well as measuring measuring and the extent to which users “rage close” nudges to avoid pestering them. A replacement for legacy Digital Adoption Platforms User assistance translates into concrete outcomes like improved engagement, feature adoption, conversion, and retention, all while decreasing low-value support tickets. We’re used by teams like HubSpot, HashiCorp, Yotpo, Thryvv, and Freshworks.
664. shopmygpt-com : ShopMyGPT.com is building AI Search for eCommerce brands to help customers find the products they want to buy.
665. ncompass-technologies : nCompass is a platform for acceleration and hosting of open-source and custom AI models. We provide low-latency AI deployment without rate-limiting you. All with just one line of code.
666. aedilic : AI-assisted language learning.
667. cinapse : Cinapse makes it easy for a film or television crew to manage tens of thousands of digital production documents and daily workflows. We do this by providing one simple app that all crew, cast, and office staff can use on Web, iOS, and Android.
668. nightingale : Nightingale is the clinical decision support solution for evidence-based interventions. We're committed to ensuring that service providers for individuals with autism and related disorders are equipped to administer high quality, personalized treatment. According to the CDC, 1 in 68 children in the U.S. are now diagnosed with autism, contributing to an estimated 1.5 million Americans living with the condition. Although autism has no known cure or scientifically proven pharmaceutical treatment, its symptoms can be abated and maintained through rigorous evidence-based interventions like applied behavior analysis, speech-language pathology, and occupational therapy. Nightingale provides these practitioners with a suite of tools for HIPAA-compliant data collection,reporting, and analytics that can be customized to any curriculum and used in any setting. By equipping service providers with a convenient and user-friendly solution for data management and analytics, Nightingale frees up more of their time for creating high-quality curriculums and working with clients.
669. astranis : Astranis builds the world's most advanced satellites for high orbits. Their first product, MicroGEO, offers dedicated satellite broadband. But small, radiation-tolerant satellites can do far more than comms. With contracts in place with Space Force, NASA, and other government partners, Astranis is working across all higher orbits to support government science, PNT, and communications missions.
670. mailwarm : Mailwarm is a marketing software which takes care of your email deliverability so your emails reach your recipients' inboxes. Mailwarm allows you to : - get a perfect email activity - raise your sender reputation - keep your email deliverability high
671. wabi : We are Shopify for the $15B creator economy in LATAM starting with online coaching businesses. For example, a fitness coach can use our no-code builder to get a branded landing page integrated with payments and a website that can host their online coaching programs and subscriber-only content.
672. human-dx : The Human Diagnosis Project (also referred to as “Human Dx” or “the Project”) is a worldwide effort to build an open medical intelligence system that maps the steps to help any patient. By combining collective intelligence with machine learning, Human Dx intends to enable more accurate, affordable, and accessible care for all
673. cabal : Cabal helps founders get more out of their investors and advisors. We do this by providing a private workspace for founders to send asks & updates, track contributions, and get warm intros to prospects and candidates.
674. vobi : Vobi is a project management platform for small construction businesses, like home remodeling companies, contractors, and architects. We help them save up to 50% of their time spent on manual work, mainly on the procurement and estimation processes, so they have more time to focus on their core activities. Through Vobi, they can manage projects from start to finish, collaborate with their customers, plan, quote, and make purchases or payments to suppliers, all in one place. No more spreadsheets and papers!
675. jestor : Build internal tools for your business with just a few clicks. No developers are required to create custom workflows, Kanban boards, tables, apps, forms, dashboards, and more. Leverage AI to eliminate manual work.
676. docvita : We make it easy for anyone in India to access healthcare over Zoom, Meet, or WhatsApp. We provide care in 11 local languages. For every appointment, we provide a concierge who manages all logistics for the patient & handles the back-office work for doctors. With this, we have cracked the code to make telehealth work in India.
677. redcliffe-lifetech : Redcliffe Labs (a unit of Redcliffe Lifetech Inc) provides diagnostics with a comprehensive portfolio approach both with routine and specialised test menus with advanced testing labs all over India. Its digital first approach with on-demand 1-hour home collection and same day report is disrupting the way diagnostics is delivered today and thus is the fastest growing in India. Redcliffe Labs is providing 3500+ tests across its wide network of labs and collection centres. The company has served about millions of Indians and is processing more than 250K+ test parameters daily. The test portfolio is very wide including routine pathology tests, advanced genetic screening, research-based DNA tests in reproductive health, cancer and wellness/fitness. The easy to interpret smart reports provide key health check-points, which can help in diagnosing and treating both chronic and acute diseases on time. Redcliffe Labs has pioneered Drone technology adoption in the diagnostic sector by opening up the first commercial corridor from Uttarkashi to Dehradun. The company currently has 30+ labs and 700+ authorised collection centres in more than 120 cities across India. Redcliffe's vision is to provide world-class diagnostic services to people across the Indian sub-continent in an affordable manner.
678. intellect : Intellect is a modern-day mental health company on a mission to make mental healthcare & wellbeing support accessible for everyone in Asia. Today, Intellect is the largest and fastest growing mental health tech company in Asia, serving over 2.5 million members and leading organisations globally through our mental health platform. Intellect was also selected as one of Google’s Best Apps of 2020. Intellect is backed by leading investors including Insignia Ventures Partners, Y Combinator, and an extensive list of family offices, big tech executives & renowned angel investors.
679. lantern-2 : Lantern is the easiest way to build AI applications using Postgres. We started Lantern because we believe AI is going to impact every single enterprise in every single industry. We want to allow every company to tap into their unstructured data to build better applications. With Lantern Cloud, developers have access to everything they need to build an AI application: embedding generation, vector compression, vector search, efficient indexing, and more. All on top of the database they already know, Postgres, and using infrastructure that scales to billions. Check out our code on Github: https://github.com/lanterndata/lantern
680. exa : Exa is a search engine built for AIs. We enable developers to filter the internet's content with complex queries in order to bring the world's knowledge into their AI apps.
681. truenorth : Traditional trucking companies still run on paper, emails, phone calls, and snail mail. They’re inefficient and bloated. The pressure of low margins suffocates the truckers who actually do the work. Our software cuts out the inefficiencies, and we pass the savings through to our truckers. Instead of paper-pushers and endless phone calls, they get an end-to-end solution: customer management, load coordination, automated invoicing, and instant payments. A single place to manage their business. A blog post that goes deeper into why we started this company: https://medium.com/@jinstedge/truenorth-b42437f1dc03 We're a team of over 60, and proud to say the *majority* of us are female or non-binary. We come from a wide range of backgrounds. We don't just value diversity, we cherish it. And we mean it.
682. humi : Humi is building important infrastructure for Canada's economy. Software that helps SMBs employ Canadians. Payroll, HR, and Benefits all together in a single simple to use platform. Serving thousands of Canadian companies, Humi’s clients include innovators such as Ada, Hubdoc, LiveCA, AudioBooks.com, Inkbox, and others. www.Humi.ca
683. cartpanda : As an ecommerce platform, we provide a complete ecosystem for creators and entrepreneurs to sell and promote their products and services, including tools for product management, affiliate management, payment processing and much more. Users can sell various types of products, including digital goods, services, events, and physical items. Cartpanda help entrepreneurs scale their global sales by providing a high converting checkout page and payment solution, capable to convert to 180+ currencies and languages.
684. tile : Create production-grade data automations and applications without writing SQL or code
685. poplarml : PoplarML lets you deploy any machine learning model to a fleet of GPUs as a ready-to-use and scalable API endpoint with one command.
686. diffuse-bio : Diffuse is building generative AI for protein design. Our mission is to build AI systems that engineer new and useful proteins with unprecedented control and accuracy. Our team has been behind breakthroughs in AI protein design for the past 7 years, including the first experimental validation of AI-generated proteins and diffusion models for protein structure and sequence.
687. sytex : Sytex is a project management platform for Field Infrastructure, starting with Telecom. For example, companies like Telefonica and Claro use Sytex to build and maintain their networks.
688. biocartesian : Finding new cures requires seeing what and where the abnormal molecules are in a diseased tissue, but current tools see less than 1% of those molecules. Biocartesian combines microscopy and new chemistries to see 50X more, offering unprecedented insights into disease biology and new therapies.
689. prompt : 
690. linkana : Linkana helps enterprise companies reduce lead time and costs on supplier onboarding approvals with an easy-to-use and integrated SRM platform.
691. trac : TRAC is a Chicago based startup that is focused on simplifying the track and field experience using innovative RFID technology, cellular data transmission, and unique application based software. Our integrated RFID timing system is the best in market for coaches and athletes in time based sports due to its precision, immediate feedback, and ease of use, thus saving time, effort, and money.
692. nova : Nova helps sellers focus their time where it will have the greatest impact, by identifying next best actions across the entire pipeline. No more dropped balls, no funnel leakage. Understand the fundamental flow of customers and revenue over time, what role each team member plays, and what needs to happen to achieve your big hairy audacious goals.
693. rescuetime : RescueTime helps you set boundaries, protect focused work time, and achieve work/life balance by shedding light on how you spend your time, improving your focus, and helping you find more time for the things that matter most. We are a distributed company with members spread throughout the United States.
694. sage-ai : Sage is a self-generating, self-maintaining knowledge base for your code with in-built chat, accelerating expertise, and comprehension of any codebase. Documentation is perpetually stale, codebases become increasingly old, large, and complex, and knowledge remains siloed within individuals and teams. As a result, engineers take 8-12 months to become fully operational, enterprise code becomes slow and unmaintainable, and core knowledge is continually lost upon engineer turnover. Sage is changing this reality. We take your code and automatically generate a symbol-level knowledge base that self-updates to remain forever fresh. We integrate with source control to pull your code and generate a symbolic graph representation of functions, classes, interfaces, types, etc., automatically determining the relevant context for each symbol, and using LLMs to annotate and propagate documentation via traversals of the symbol graph. Sage revolutionizes the way teams and individuals interact with and understand their code, ensuring that knowledge is always accessible, up-to-date, and interactive.
695. helicarrier-prev-buycoins : Helicarrier (previously Buycoins) is building cryptocurrency infrastructure for Africa. Sendcash is an app that lets Africans in the diaspora send money back home. Buycoins is the easiest place to buy, sell, and manage your cryptocurrency portfolio.
696. omnivirt : OmniVirt is 360° Virtual Reality advertising platform for brands and publishers. Audiences can view 360° content with just one tap of their fingertip on smartphones, tablets and websites. No app installation or VR headset required. HTML5 / VAST complaint. Our company is specialize in mobile formats, the network optimizes revenue for publishers and serves billions of ad impressions in more than 200 countries.
697. veriff : Veriff is a global online identity verification company that enables organizations to build trust with their customers through intelligent, accurate, and automated online IDV. Veriff’s intelligent decision engine can analyze thousands of technological and behavioral variables in seconds, matching people to more than 10,000 government-issued IDs from over 190 countries. Veriff serves a global portfolio of organizations across fintech, crypto, and mobility sectors. Founded in 2015 by Kaarel Kotkas, today Veriff serves a global portfolio of internet businesses including fintech companies, sharing economy providers and marketplaces in the USA, Europe and other places in the world. Veriff is an alumnus of the startup accelerator Y Combinator and employs 350 people in its locations in Tallinn and Tartu in Estonia; New York, in the USA, London in the UK and Barcelona in Spain.
698. hellobill : Imagine if all your PDF bills could be automatically downloaded every month for your accountant ? Say hi to Hellobill. Hellobill is a 1-click solution that automatically downloads all your online PDF bills for your accountant. Uber, Amazon, AWS, Google Apps, Adwords, Facebook Ads, but also utilities bills and many more. Our users Hellobill is specifically designed for CEOs, CFOs, Managers and Office Managers that are tired of manual & tedious low-value accounting tasks. Our mission To put an end to the monthly nightmare associated with accounting in SMB. Thanks to Hellobill, our users refocus on what’s important: their business. Hellobill’s added value - Improve your efficiency Do more work in less time with an intuitive software - Increase productivity With data flowing automatically, you will make your work easier and faster. - Focus on adding value Automate basic functions, freeing up your time for the things that matters. How does it work? 1. Download the Hellobill desktop app 2. Log in to all your online providers’ accounts once & for all 3. Click on “Fetch my bills” and that's it! All your online bills are automatically downloaded and sorted every month. Your PDF bills are then sorted by month in your Dropbox. You can share them easily with your accountant. Think of services such as Amazon, Uber, AWS, Github, OVH, your bank and your phone & internet providers. Security is at the core of our product: using a desktop app allows us to never store our users’ credentials on our servers. We don't have access to your credentials as they are not stored on our side. They sit on your local keychain.
699. anja-health : Helping pregnant parents save the most personal source of stem cells - from their umbilical cord and placenta - to unlock future disease treatments. Offering cord blood banking, cord tissue banking, and placenta stem cell banking.
700. faire : Faire is an innovative online marketplace that uses machine learning to match local retailers with the brands and products that uniquely fit their stores. We are using the power of technology to connect brands and independent retailers from all over the world, building a thriving community of hundreds of thousands of retailers, which has resulted in over 7 million new connections to date. Faire was founded on the belief that the future of retail is local. Our mission is to empower brands and retailers to strengthen the unique character of local communities. Our data-driven approach unburdens retailers from decades-old obstacles by helping find the right products for their shop. Plus, our straight-forward financial terms level the playing field by eliminating inventory risk and providing access to capital—key offerings previously only available to big box chains. For brands, our platform provides powerful sales, marketing, and analytics tools that simplify their business and allow them to focus on what they love: making great products.
701. fondeadora : Fondeadora is the digital alternative to the traditional Mexican banking system. We know that the current system is broken and we want to fix it. Our mission is to free people from their banks by giving them back control over their money. We want to serve the 54 million Mexicans who are unhappy with their current banks and the 65 million of Mexicans who currently do not have a bank account. Our first product is a mobile banking app and an international Mastercard debit card so you can spend, store and move your money seamlessly, completely fee-free. Join us in this magical mystical ride.
702. metricwire : MetricWire’s mobile platform allows decision makers, researchers, and stakeholders to harness unparalleled insights solutions, analytical tools, and deeper audience connections. Our innovation has lead to real-time digital interventions, enriched research, and evidence-based decisions. Capture more powerful data and make better decisions
703. zinc-platform : Zinc Platform, Inc. is focused on providing software that digitizes the last frontier of the mortgage origination process– getting homeowners insurance. Zinc builds technology that integrates with the core systems of today’s modern mortgage lenders to power digital portals for borrowers to procure the homeowners (property) insurance that is required to close a mortgage. Zinc’s technology takes a broken, week-long process and turns it into a delightful five-minute experience. For borrowers, Zinc powers access to all of the nation’s leading insurance carriers. For mortgage lenders, Zinc ensures compliance with underwriting requirements while automating more of the mortgage closing process. Zinc is proudly built in New York City by passionate technologists and business strategists focused on making the process of buying a home a more simple, delightful experience
704. artos : Artos is an AI-based document-drafting platform that helps life sciences companies turn their data into regulatory submissions in minutes. These submissions currently take months and are the final hurdle before life sciences companies are allowed to sell their product.
705. oolu : Oolu was founded by Nilmi Senaratna and Dan Rosa in 2015. The company's mission is to provide off-grid households in rural regions in Africa with high quality products at an affordable price. In Wolof, a national language of Senegal, Oolu means ‘trust.’
706. terra-2 : Enter Terra, a new world of product building. Connect with suppliers, expedite sampling, and track production in real-time, removing the uncertainties of overseas manufacturing.
707. socialbrowse : SocialBrowse is a Firefox extension for sharing links. It has been described as "a Twitter for links".
708. carwoo : CarWoo! is the stress-free, organized way to shop multiple dealers to get a great deal on your new car. CarWoo! was founded in 2008 by Tommy McClung and Erik Landerholm and has helped hundreds of thousands of customers buy their new car from dealerships who love making customers happy.
709. sudden-coffee : Sudden is great coffee you can enjoy anywhere in just seconds. We buy beans from amazing producers and roasters, brew the coffee by hand and turn it into delicious instant coffee. Get our 2-Cup Trial Pack FREE Today! https://goo.gl/twP7Jc Use Code: COFFEERUSH Featured in The New York Times, Food & Wine, CNBC, VICE News and more. Chosen as one of the Imbibe top 75 brands to try in 2018. Backed by Y Combinator, Founder Collective, CRV, and Lifeline Ventures.
710. salesform : Salesform qualifies, routes, and converts inbound leads while 2-way syncing with your sales stack. Now, you can meet more target customers faster and leverage Salesform’s native enrichment to enhance routing rules and auto-replies for demo requests etc.
711. ai-insurance : AI Insurance is the platform that small-to-midsize insurance companies use to run every part of their business. Before we showed up, they used spreadsheets and filing cabinets – wasting as much as 60% of revenue on administrative expenses. We’re doing what Salesforce did for SMB sales teams, but we’re tapping into the over 10,000 insurance companies that waste $238 Billion dollars annually.
712. projectpro : 
713. entry : Easily onboard, verify IDs, authenticate and continuously verify credentials and the identities of your users - in one place.
714. brown-foods : Brown Foods is a Stanford, Rice University and IIT Delhi alumni venture building the next-generation of food products. They are creating UnReal Milk- lab based, clean milk - extremely sustainable 'real milk' but made without any cows. Unlike any other option in the USD 22 billion dairy alternatives market today, it will be exactly similar to cow’s milk in terms of nutritional profile, taste, texture and could also be processed into butter, cheese and ice creams. They envision to disrupt the USD 700 billion conventional dairy market by giving the world its 1st 'cow free' real milk option, reducing the carbon footprint of milk by over 90% while being completely cruelty-free.
715. modus : Modus helps companies hire and retain only the people they need instead of becoming bloated messes. Modus connects your HRIS, ATS, and analyzes extensive data across your organization so leaders can detect, inspect, and correct their workforce plans - without relying on spreadsheets or complex systems. Lin experienced these challenges firsthand as a VP BizOps at HashiCorp, scaling from 100 employees to IPO, while Chris and Amar faced similar issues scaling 40+ person teams as a fractional CTO. They’re motivated by the belief that companies should have the least number of employees possible.
716. creizer : Creizer is Clearbanc (Clear.co) for LATAM. We provide revenue-based financing to online sellers. More than 80% of SMEs can’t have access to loans in LATAM, thus limiting their growth. They represent 99% of online sellers in the region. At Creizer we built a unique risk model in which the requirements for these online sellers are 100% accessible since the scoring is based on the store’s metrics and collections on a percentage of their daily sales. We are growing 65% MoM and experiencing overdemand every month. Helping our customers to grow up to 7x in less than a year.
717. artemis-search : Artemis Search is a vector database search with a twist. We use special-purpose deep-learning models instead of using textual / semantic similarity to evaluate how good a search result is. This enables us to actually reason how well search results match the intent of the search query, eliminating the problems that come from evaluating search results on how much they look like the search query.
718. shout : Shout is a one-to-one exchange platform that enables its users to post classifieds to sell tickets and reservations. It also has developed an iOS application that enables its users to communicate in real time with the sellers and handle payments online.
719. salessift : SalesSift (formerly known as LeadFinch) is an intelligent lead-sourcing platform. Our machine learning algorithm recommends the best new companies to target based upon the profile of your existing customers.
720. cointent : Launched in 2013, CoinTent is a digital wallet and subscription service that enables users to purchase quality content, including articles, videos, blog posts, and more, for micropayments across websites. Its services provide a revenue channel for publishers, supplementing revenue sources such as advertising and subscriptions. CoinTent is based in San Francisco, California, United States.
721. quilt-data : We realized that S3 is kind of like "git for data" and have created services that make S3 function as a data hub for teams. Quilt consists of a Python Client, a web catalog for browsing and visualizing S3, and a CloudFormation backend for compute and identity management.
722. tesseract : Tesseract is a provider of cost effective propulsion components and systems for in-space applications spanning commercial Earth-orbiting satellites, robotic exploration missions, and human spaceflight.
723. polly : Polly is a fun social polling app for teens. The app allows users to create multiple-choice polls for sharing on Snapchat and other platforms. Polly launched in stealth in August and it quickly became popular among teens, with 20 million people voting over 100 million times across 5 million polls in the past month. In addition to being a casual social tool, Polly can also be used to gather opinions about popular brands. For instance, Polly received thousands of responses from teens on some of its own polls related to topics such as breakfast cereals and Starbucks drinks. Brands and influencers can also create their own polls to gather feedback from consumers.
724. bloom-3 : Bloom's mission is to improve the financial outcomes of all Americans by giving them the knowledge and tools they need to achieve prosperity. Our first product is an investing app that teaches users how to build wealth through interactive financial lessons, a gamified rewards economy as well as an investing account designed for building long-term wealth. Since launching in April 2022, over 1 million users have joined Bloom and we have crossed $3MM in annual recurring revenue.
725. headstart : Headstart (YC S17) uses Machine Learning technology to help employers identify the best-suited talent in the shortest period of time. We provide leading organisations with a solution designed to help them transition away from experience/qualification based screening and towards a more inclusive and effective process which considers personality, behaviours, strengths and motivations. In doing so, Headstart helps companies hire people truly aligned to their values, culture and exact job requirements in a seamless, engaging way. The Headstart process is simple and effective: companies save time and money by finding candidates who meet their exact job requirements at an earlier stage, and job seekers connect directly with businesses through an engaging, reusable 15 minute application form. We ensure a transparent process and initiate productive dialogue, making candidates feel valued and helping companies hire the right people.
726. serial : Serial is software to help manufacturers root cause problems in minutes not days and avoid millions in liabilities. Our solution integrates with data sources from any production line, enabling engineering & operations teams to ask questions about their manufacturing data and instantly get answers. Serial will become the single source of truth for manufacturing data. Our founding team has 10+ years of manufacturing and product design experience from Apple, Tesla, and more. We have suffered this problem firsthand and are building the tool to fix it.
727. wondercraft : Wondercraft makes it easy to create studio-quality audio for all your projects — podcasts, audiobooks, ads, meditations & more — in a collaborative and enjoyable way, by typing.
728. positive : 
729. debteye : Automate credit counseling.
730. binks : Getting clothes tailor-made is very common in India, especially for women. Saree blouses have to be tailor-made always due to their fitted nature & the non-stretchiness of typical Indian fabrics. The tailoring market however, hasn't evolved at all. It is highly fragmented with a low NPS. The end user experience demands a significant amount of the customer's time, involving visits to a physical shop & avoidable back & forth. This is increasingly unviable for busy urban Indian women. We make it super easy by letting women place an order online, get fitted at the comfort of their homes, help them with styling their fabric & deliver the made-to-measure clothes directly to their doorstep.
731. tagmango : TagMango is building a SAAS tool to enable edutainment creators create monetisation channels by creating paid and scalable communities. Anyone who has a skill-set, talent and an engaged audience can build their community on TagMango and provide exclusive services, learnings and content.
732. impactive : Impactive, backed by YCombinator and Higher Ground Labs, was founded in 2017 as a get-out-the-vote tool for Democrats. The Impactive product has since expanded to become a full-service platform allowing any campaign or cause to engage in distributed organizing. In the 2018 midterms, volunteers contacted over 1 million voters using Impactive. In 2020, we scaled significantly to meet the demand of this unprecedented election cycle. We’ve worked with over 500 clients nationwide, and volunteers have sent over 100 million text messages on behalf of Planned Parenthood, the DCCC, SEIU, Community Change, When We All Vote, Greenpeace, and campaigns up and down the ballot. Our work has been featured in The New York Times, Washington Post, TechCrunch, Fast Company, and many more. In 2021, Impactive will expand its platform further into nonprofit, advocacy, and additional markets. This will be an exciting time to play a critical role in helping shape the direction for what’s coming next. We will continue to prioritize our progressive values while building a feature-rich platform that will broaden our reach across the impact space.
733. icepanel : IcePanel is a collaborative diagramming tool that helps software engineering and product teams align on technical decisions. Teams use IcePanel to create a map of their software systems, giving them full context about how it works.
734. bensen : 
735. lancey : Lancey understands your product feedback, CRM and product analytics data to help product teams build their next big idea.
736. omnisio : Omnisio was founded in 2007 by Ryan Junee, Simon Ratner and Julian Frumar, and was subsquently acquired by YouTube in July 2008. Omnisio enabled users to annotate and share videos from any website, and enabled markup of the structure within a video. On May 13, 2008, Omnisio launched a slide-syncing tool using SlideShare for slides and a host of video services.
737. yarn-2 : Yarn uses AI to help founders, salespeople, and marketers make product and sales videos. Teams are using Yarn to make sales collateral, launch videos, use-case demos, training guides, and feature updates for Twitter and LinkedIn. No video experience needed and everything looks great out-of-the-box – think Notion, Linear, or Stripe-quality – but branded for your team. The magic really comes from AI (TTS, CV, LLMs) – so you can zip through 5x faster than a Loom.
738. weltio : Weltio gives users access to a fully fledged brokerage account in USD, through unique features such as local instant cash rails, a robo-advisor, and tailored portfolios for the LatAm user. Starting with MX we’re going after a market with a potential in AUM of >$60B and 40M accounts
739. mandel-ai : Mandel surfaces supply chain disruptions and supplier updates with email AI. We use AI agents that proactively extract data and email suppliers for order updates, building a real-time self updating supply chain source of truth.
740. sway-finance : Sway is bringing artificial intelligence to the accounting industry. Its first product is an automated bookkeeping service for SaaS companies. We use a combination of proprietary machine learning models and API integrations to bring our delightfully low-touch experience to the accounting industry. Learn more: hello@swayfinance.com
741. keet : Keet provides authentication for AI agents. Developers use us to connect their customers accounts and perform actions on their behalf. Whether it be legacy software or consumer sites, Keet manages your users authenticated sessions and provides stable integrations on any web platform. Now your AI Agent can access healthcare data or send automated messages on LinkedIn via Keet’s API or SDK.
742. edlyft : Edlyft, backed by Kleiner Perkins, Kapor Capital, and YC, builds software that blue-chip enterprises like Google and Dropbox use to train college computer science students on essential skills required for the workforce, so they can be productive day one. It takes new grad engineers 6-12 months to ramp up and add value to their company. Instead of relying on experienced engineers and wasting salary costs, Tinder and LinkedIn use Edlyft to train college CS students before they’re hired on skills to succeed in their role. Co-founders, Erika and Arnelle, are CS grads from Yale and Stanford, who have been featured by Forbes, TechCrunch and Business Insider for Edlyft. They're former engineers at Facebook and Google, and an ex-LinkedIn product manager and Bain consultant.
743. invoid : Invoid currently processes more than 5 million KYC’s/ month and works with over 35 companies in India, including some of the leading banks, fintechs, investment platforms & shared economy companies. Using our solution, companies see onboarding speed increase by 5x and costs reduce by >80%.
744. followupthen : FollowUpThen is a personal assistant that sends you exactly what you need at exactly the right moment to get something done. Its uncanny timing is not the result of AI wizardry, but rather an explicit reminder syntax that is embedded in an email address. Email 1min@followupthen.com, 1hour@followupthen.com or {any-time}@followupthen.com and you'll get the email back at that time. Adding a reminder to any email is a one-second operation thanks to your email client's address autocomplete. Example use-cases include: * Following up with sales prospects * Maintaining relationships * Task delegation (put FollowUpThen in the bcc field) * Just-in-time reminders to get a task done (pay bills, etc) * Hitting inbox zero (forwarding emails to your future) In today's workplace we are bombarded with realtime demands on our attention. FollowUpThen answers this trend by making work more asynchronous, allowing you to place information in the future, giving you freedom and peace of mind in the present and allowing you actually get something done.
745. craftwork : Craftwork is a full-service home painting company that uses software to dramatically improve the homeowner and operator experience.
746. replit : Replit is the world-leading collaborative browser-based development environment -- learn, create & deploy! Join a community of 20m+ developers.
747. earth-ai : EARTH AI is a predictive explorer and driller for critical metal deposits. We discovered 5% of the world’s deposits this year, thanks to our AI with 66% vs 0.5% success rate and Low Disturbance Drilling tech which enables 1/4 cheaper and 4X faster site testing.
748. aminoanalytica : At AminoAnalytica, we specialize in AI-powered protein optimization. We’re developing the world's first dedicated AI agent for protein engineering (or AI protein engineer, if you will) that integrates with 'human' bioengineering teams. Common protein engineering challenges like protein property enhancement – whether it's the stability of therapeutic peptides or the activity of industrial enzymes at high temperatures – can now be done semi-autonomously, at a fraction of the cost.
749. evidence : Evidence is an open source, code-based alternative to drag-and-drop BI tools. Build polished data products with just SQL and markdown.
750. careerist : Careerist is an ed-fintech platform that trains job seekers for tech careers (in QA, Sales, Support & more), finances them and automates their job hunting. Our B2B2C platform aggregates job seekers, tutors and employers – streamlining training and placement. Techcrunch: "Edtech meets SaaS in Careerist’s job placement learning platform. The startup trains job seekers through live and self-paced training taught by third-party tutors. The adaptive learning software is meant to help candidates prep for tech interviews. Once a candidate is well equipped, Careerist uses automation to help them apply for jobs."
751. scanate-fellow : 
752. jet-admin : Jet Admin - an app builder designed specifically for creating internal tools, admin panels, external portals, inventory apps, and other business applications really fast and without coding. In Jet Admin, you can assemble multi-page apps with complex user flows, connected to multiple data sources. Setting up custom layouts, adding custom actions and workflows, binding and transforming dynamic values, using conditional rules and validations - all is done through a drag & drop and point & click visual builder. We’ve also added a variety of developer tools, so whenever necessary, you can create custom SQL and HTTP queries, write JavaScript, create multiple environments, code, and embed custom UI components.
753. flowbot : 
754. dropback : Dropback is building front office software for the future of college sports. We help major athletic departments manage their teams' "salary caps" and roster limits to construct their most competitive rosters. Just two years ago, it became legal for athletes to earn an income beyond their scholarships. Since then, despite college athletes earning $2B+, rapid regulation change has put college sports in disarray. Dropback brings order to this chaos through custom compensation frameworks, roster management, what-if playgrounds, and more--ultimately helping elite programs optimize spend & maximize talent.
755. medigram : Have you ever wondered why it's so hard for physicians to communicate quickly and why the leading cause of preventable death is still a delay in communication? Our team has built the solution for this. Medigram is a team of tier 1 health system CxO IT executives, technologists, SaaS exec, physicians, engineers, and data experts. We have developed a breakthrough service for the medical industry to save lives and for hospitals to make millions per year. Medigram instantly flags insights from clinician chats for immediate insight into hospital operations and patient care. This reduces critical response times by 50%. We've designed this system to provide instant, reliable messaging (including images and audio files) across very complicated network environments in hospitals. Medigram is secure, designed for HIPAA, and a full stack system which includes database back end, middleware, logic, and client apps for iOS, Android, desktop, and the web. Our solution to this is Mobile Intelligence For Healthcare by providing a secure, intelligent workflow management platform for the patient care ecosystem and medical professionals. Within the healthcare environment, you have physicians, the patient care team, EMR, workflow, data, and administration which needs to be tied together with intelligence through Medigram.
756. rejuvenation-technologies-inc : Delivery of TERT mRNA extends telomeres sufficiently in a few days to reverse over a decade of telomere shortening during normal aging. We are advancing TERT mRNA-based therapies to the clinic.
757. schoolable : We are a financial technology company that is revolutionizing the state of pre-tertiary education in Africa. By paying school fees for parents upfront with a flexible monthly repayment plan, building fees savings culture among parents, This way, schools get up to 80% of all their expected fees 2weeks into resumption and also enabling schools to access to loan facility and availability of various vendors and service providers at discounted rates.
758. airmyne : AirMyne is building machines to capture & remove carbon dioxide from ambient atmospheric air so it can be utilized or sequestered downstream. Our team is based in Berkeley, CA.
759. kash : Kash is a San Francisco-based mobile payment company that clears transactions without interchange or card fees and is guaranteed against chargeback. The company gets rid of credit cards and middle-men that stand between bank accounts and retailers. It uses SecureDebit technology, a direct bank payment method that avoids the credit card network and allows retailers to save 2% to 5% in transaction processing fees. Kash uses its funding received from Draper Associates, Green Visor Capital, and Structure Capital to develop, market, and expand its mobile payments technology.
760. atmana : At Atmana, we help millennials cut down on technology addictions like gaming, pornography and social media. We have our solution consisting of blocking and techniques used in treating in alcohol and drug addiction like peer support groups, buddy program and psycho education. We also have a 2nd line of business: helping startups hire engineers from India. Hiring engineers from India can help you save cost while ensuring you have the same quality of talent in your team like you have in the US.
761. mdhub : mdhub is building AI assistants for mental health clinics to efficiently run their operations. Instead of seeing patients, mental health clinicians spend 50% of their time on other tasks, delaying access to mental health care. We aim to help mental health clinicians become 10x more efficient with mdhub by automating everything that occurs before, during, and after they see patients.
762. tyltgo : TyltGO provides brick & mortar retailers and e-commerce brands with same-day delivery under their own brand name.
763. spade : Spade is the next generation of fintech infrastructure. We’re building a financial data enrichment API purpose built to empower our customers to uncover the truth hidden within their transaction data. We use our vast, ground-truth merchant data set to decipher cryptic transactions, helping customers underwrite, detect fraud, build better banking infrastructure and get a unique understanding of their users’ spending habits.
764. toolify : Toolify is dev-first internal tooling. At some point, companies using low-code builders hit a brick wall, and are bogged down by their limitations rather quickly. We offer: - A starter kit with sensible defaults, - A VSCode extension which has AI that creates the internal tool for you, end to end, and, - A web app where you can deploy your tools. This gives you the best of both worlds -- everything you need to build tools just as fast as low-code, and an escape hatch when you need it.
765. railbird : At Railbird, we are building a prediction market exchange designed to hedge and mitigate risk for the services sector. The Railbird team has years of experience analyzing companies in the service sector and has seen firsthand how little opportunity there is to hedge risk in volatile markets like hospitality, tourism, recreation, entertainment, and sports. The platform is designed to be open to all traders.
766. educreations : Educreations is a community where anyone can teach what they know and learn what they don't. Our software turns any iPad or web browser into a recordable, interactive whiteboard, making it easy for teachers and experts to create engaging video lessons and share them on the web. Students can replay these lessons any time, any place, on any connected device. We're on a mission to dramatically improve student achievement by extending the reach of great teaching.
767. capsule : CAPSULE is a mobile app that makes it easy to save and buy the things you find on any social media platform. Just snap a screenshot of anything you like, from any platform, and we search the entire internet to instantly give you shoppable links. Instead of searching hundreds of websites and sifting through thousands of products on your own, CAPSULE lets you find inspiration from anywhere and uses advanced machine learning to return results that feel like magic.
768. h1 : H1 helps connect the healthcare ecosystem by providing a global platform of every healthcare professional and healthcare organization.
769. gobillion : Gobillion is the Pinduoduo for India, we make e-commerce social by enabling customers to buy together in groups and get great deals!
770. whirl : Whirl's proprietary payment terminal allows customers to pay with a fingerprint in just 1 second. It is the fastest and most secure method of payment on the market, offering the security of a chip card with a nearly invisible payment experience. Just a single press to the payment terminal, and payment is complete.
771. the-athletic : The Athletic is a direct-to-consumer digital sports media company committed to helping subscribers experience storytelling in a whole new way. Founded in 2016 and headquartered in San Francisco, The Athletic has over 600 full-time employees and covers more than 250 professional sports and collegiate teams in the US, Canada and the UK. The Athletic’s newsroom has produced thousands of in-depth articles along with more than 120 podcasts and premium video content. The Athletic is a remote-friendly company as we have offices in San Francisco, Los Angeles, London, and Melbourne.
772. zimi : Zimi is a cross-border commerce partner dedicated to simplifying global expansion for international brands. We empower businesses to thrive in new markets by optimizing cross-border logistics, offering seamless local fulfillment, and automating secure international payments—all in one streamlined platform. Cross-border e-commerce is a $2 trillion opportunity by 2030, however, cross-border merchants face major challenges like high shipping costs, lengthy delivery times, and complex logistics. This is particular true for merchants in emerging markets. With Zimi, merchants reach their international buyers in 1-2 days instead of weeks and for a fraction of the price. Our aim is to make selling internationally as easy as selling locally - starting with merchants selling into the U.S. market.
773. metal-2 : Metal's offers advanced intelligence and insights on venture investors, enabling founders to be super targeted in pursuing firms that are most likely to invest. For founders actively raising capital, the platform unlocks an advanced level of efficiency by showing optimal intro pathways to each investor and by offering a customisable investor CRM platform.
774. zillabyte : Zillabyte is a cloud platform for data analysis. Build apps, not infrastructure. We set up and maintain the infrastructure you need to analyze your data. All you need to do is develop your app locally and test it using the our CLI. When you need to scale, push to our servers. Easily add more functionality with components, modular code blocks that let you perform additional functions such as: geo coding, fraud analysis, and web scraping. Use your own private datasets or plug into our off-the-shelf data, which includes a copy of the web. You can even combine the two and extract rich insights.
775. nuvocargo : Nuvocargo is a digital-first freight forwarder and licensed US customs broker focused on helping shippers seamlessly move cargo over the road between USA and Mexico. Our goal is to make your life easier by combining exceptional service with beautiful software so that moving your products between USA and Mexico is less painful and more intuitive. We are the **one-stop shop** for shippers for everything they need in their USA/Mexico cross-border supply chain; this includes procuring freight in both Mexico & USA, customs clearance, insurance, trade finance, reporting, and more. We act as an extension of your team so you can outsource to Nuvocargo all the complexities & vendor management associated with your cross border supply chain.
776. jobspice : JobSpice is a surprisingly easy-to-use, intuitive online tool for creating a resume. Changing styles, managing different resumes for different employers, and creating web-based and PDF versions takes only a few clicks.
777. hireart : Hire Smarter with HireArt. We're a modern staffing agency that uses work samples and video assessments to generate deeper insight & connect contractors to companies where they'll thrive. Our graders and account managers individually assess each candidate on culture fit, experience, and communication skills. The proof is in the talent: our candidates have filled roles at leading start-up and technology companies like Facebook, Airbnb, and Waymo. We put people first, from our candidates to our clients, we believe in the power of transparent hiring. Learn more about our team and our platform at HireArt.com.
778. assembled : 
779. pixelapse : Pixelapse is the best place to share designs and work together. We build tools to improve the design process and make collaboration easier. Pixelapse simplifies version control and makes it accessible for designers to share and discuss their work with their friends, colleagues and the world.
780. wagetap : Wagetap is a mobile app that allows users to get an advance of up to $2,000 on their next payday and pay their bills in more manageable installments. Wagetap's vision is to offer a suite of financial products to become the financial partner for everyday people.
781. alixia : Our compounds disrupt the metabolic and inflammatory triggers in both cancer and quasi-cancerous cells in the tumor microenvironment. By impacting multiple cell types, we are enabling effective, lasting cancer treatments.
782. mindportal : MindPortal is a pioneering AI research company advancing human-AI interaction by enabling people to communicate with computers and AI assistants purely through thought. As an AI company, we focus exclusively on model development rather than hardware. Our models are designed to be general-purpose, adaptable across a wide range of applications. Our flagship development, MindSpeech, is the first supervised AI model to translate imagined speech into text, enabling direct thought-to-language communication. MindSpeech has earned endorsements from leading experts, including Neuralink's former technical strategy head and DARPA’s N3 program lead scientist. Our thought-to-language AI models have the potential for transformative applications in fields such as healthcare, education, and VR/AR and our work has been featured in major publications such as Forbes, The Times, The Telegraph, and Business Insider. MindPortal has over 11 patents filed in the field and is backed by prominent investors such as Y Combinator.
783. magic-loops : Magic Loops are the fastest way to automate (almost) anything. By combining generative AI with code, we make it easy for anyone (yes, even non-programmers!) to setup repeatable tasks and automated workflows. - Want to use ChatGPT to classify new product features from a Close call? - Want to receive a text when someone purchases >$1000 from your Shopify store? - Want to replace your bespoke AWS Lambdas with self-repairing code? Build your first Magic Loop today!
784. ideate-xyz : ideate.xyz is a graphics design as API platform. We help founders, marketing teams and agencies scale their marketing graphics design assets programmatically.
785. vidyard : Vidyard is The Video Platform for Marketing, Sales & Secure Communications. Vidyard is the easiest way to create, host, and share videos so businesses can keep connected with customers and colleagues. Want to learn more? Visit our website, and check out our 6-minute demo: http://ow.ly/q7hz30jMDd6
786. zerocater : Zerocater builds revolutionary corporate catering and cafeteria solutions employees love while saving companies millions of dollars as they transition to the hybrid workplace. With its Cloud Cafe, Hybrid Cafe, Managed Cafe, and Event Cafe products; Zerocater has built corporate cafeteria and office catering programs for companies of all sizes from growing startups to the Fortune 500. Thousands of companies like Robinhood, Datadog, Airtable, and McKinsey choose Zerocater for the customized, consistent, and diverse meal experiences its products offer, while also reducing costs by giving companies the flexibility to only pay for the employees who come into the office. Zerocater currently offers its corporate cafeteria and office catering products in the San Francisco Bay Area, New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Boston, Austin, Denver, Seattle, and Washington D.C. with additional markets in the U.S. and Canada coming online every month. Since completing YCombinator in Winter 2011, Zerocater has raised $38.5M from leading investors including Cleveland Avenue, Remus Capital, Romulus Capital, Struck Capital, SV Angel, Keith Rabois, Yuri Milner, Paul Buchheit, and Justin Kan. For more information visit zerocater.com and follow @Zerocater on Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, and Twitter.
787. openbase : There are millions of open-source packages out there, and developers often spend hours researching and evaluating competing packages to find the right one. Openbase is the first platform to offer user reviews for packages, powerful insights and categorization for open-source packages - so developers can choose the right package every time.
788. magna : Magna is building a platform to turn DeFi investments into financial primitives. Our first product is Carta for Web3, where companies can manage their cap tables and distribute their token equity to employees, advisors, or investors. We’re also building investor infrastructure for institutions to custody investments with on-chain execution and intelligence. Our ultimate goal is to use locked tokens as composable building blocks to power collateralized lending, liquid secondary markets, and other DeFi applications. Launching a token? Let's chat. Are you receiving tokens from your investments? We can also be helpful. What are our companies saying about the problem? > Having it all bundled together would make life easier. We have a million things to do. If you have an off-the-shelf thing, we’d use it. > This wouldn’t be a nice to have, it’d be a have to have. > Terrible process. We’re manually sending out transactions, going to solscan and manually check that they received our token. Takes hours every week. > Everything we do is potentially very dangerous. We have to check it thoroughly. I’ve spent several hours a day on this since launch. I imagine every month, it’ll take us at least 1-2 days. > Manual process every month for the ops team. They likely burn a week.... every month to pay out 150+ addresses.
789. kashin : Credit for the emerging economy in Latam. We have 10K users and nearly $2M in annualized revenue, from our small loans to micro-merchants and individuals in the informal economy. We do our underwriting with our proprietary AI risk model processing 250+ variables from the user's smartphone and credit bureau.
790. vapor : Creating modular server side software with Swift.
791. friz : Brainstorm, create, publish and manage content and advertisements on social media using 1 tool.
792. kiko : Kiko is a web calendar for anyone who wants to keep and share a calendar online. Kiko excels at three main things: * Universal access: Kiko integrates with your mobile phone and AIM and lets you access your calendar from any computer. * Share your calendar: Invite anyone to events (not just other Kiko users!) Let others view your calendar with just a click. * As easy as paper - or maybe easier: Write "Pay gas bill every month" onto your calendar and watch Kiko do the Right Thing!
793. flagr : Flagr enables users to share places, adding photos, video and descriptions from their mobile phone. They can then create maps and embed them on any website.
794. konta-com : Konta.com is a tax filing and accounting platform for small businesses in México.
795. alguna : We are Alguna, an early-stage startup building a modern pricing, quoting, and billing platform for B2B companies. Our mission is to build the most efficient revenue management engine for B2B SaaS. Today, most companies get by using spreadsheets and manual processes across multiple single-point solutions, which is inefficient and costs millions in lost revenue. We solve this by unifying the quote-to-revenue process and automating complex back-office operations. This enables our customers (growth-stage startups and enterprises) to flexibly close more deals faster without worrying about internal limitations and relying on finance and engineering teams.
796. magic : Magic is the most convenient way to access quality virtual assistants to scale your business.
797. upcall : Upcall helps hundreds of companies acquire, qualify, engage and retain more customers through outbound phone calls. Upcall's platform and API give 24/7 access to 1000s vetted US based callers as well as various tools to manage call campaigns effectively such as script templates, call analytics and recording, as well as integrations with client's existing workflow (Slack, Salesforce, Google Calendar, Outlook, ...). Upcall was part of the prestigious Y Combinator.
798. revideo : We are building tools for programmatic video creation. Revideo, our open-source framework, lets you create video templates in Typescript and render them via an API. It also provides a React player component to display changes in the browser in real-time.
799. quill-ai : Quill AI automates the tedious parts of researching and investing in public equities. Extract back-linked data from SEC filings and earnings calls, get excel-downloadable financial historicals with company-specific KPIs, and digest earnings results faster every quarter. Faster processes help you increase your coverage per analyst.
800. meetingbird : Meetingbird is the calendar with superpowers. Individuals and teams from companies like Uber, Shopify, and Yelp use Meetingbird to make their meetings great. See what Meetingbird can do for you at meetingbird.com.
801. invaria : Invaria automates logging from code to storage. We make it possible to automatically add actionable, structured event logs across your entire codebase. OTel is automated instrumentation for the ideal world, Invaria is for everyone else. Invaria was founded by three engineers who know what good looks like when it comes to observability, but also know it's takes a lot of dev effort to do manually.
802. pap : Consumers miss out on $70B+ every year because they're busy and unaware, and that money is sitting in their email inbox. So, we automated reading email receipts and claiming the money they're entitled to, offering a service to which you can sign up once, do (literally) nothing, and earn $. Where is this money coming from? - Retailers: When the price of clothes or furniture you've already bought drops, you're entitled to a refund for the difference - Airlines: When a flight you've booked gets delayed or canceled, you're entitled to a cash compensation. - Enterprises: When a class-action lawsuit is filed against a company you engage with, you're entitled to money. - And many more, that even the government holds some of your unclaimed funds. Today, the dream of one service that automatically claims the money you deserve when you shop, fly,... and live is (finally) possible. We started with automating refunds in the shopping industry and have secured $8,000 in refunds to our users, growing 233% MoM. With AI, we've been able to repurpose that same automation to tackle refunds in the flight industry and the class-action lawsuit landscape. Why us? (1) We're obsessed with reclaiming what's rightfully yours: Kamal and Anthony grew up in Lebanon, where people's money was unfairly taken away. (2) Weijie was the lead infra engineer for Wish's recommendation system, the feature that fueled their IPO. Our combined experience includes Apple, Addepar, Bolt, Wish, and StackAdapt. And we're all working towards one goal: move those billions of dollars where they belong.
803. malga : Malga gives digital businesses access to multiple payments services through a single integration, and the ability to change between them on a transaction to transaction basis without writing code.
804. zuni : 
805. mutiny : Today companies spend over $1T to bring customers to the door, but $19 of every $20 they spend does not convert to revenue. Companies have no choice other than to dedicate large engineering and data science teams to manually build more relevant, higher converting experiences for different customer segments. Mutiny is a no-code AI platform that helps marketers convert their top of funnel demand into revenue, without engineers. Mutiny gives marketers everything they need to drive revenue and prove it — from data and analytics to AI-powered recommendations and content writing. We are backed by Sequoia Capital, Tiger Global, Insight Partners, Y Combinator and CMOs from some of today’s fastest-growing tech companies including AngelList, Carta, Gong, Salesforce and Snowflake.
806. solidstage : 
807. niles : Niles is a real-time wiki who lives in Slack and turns chats and docs into team knowledge.
808. phoenix-hydrogen : Phoenix Hydrogen is building the first commodity marketplace for hydrogen. This year, $9.5B in federal grants will fund the first hydrogen grids, but this ecosystem has no marketplace. We’re uniquely able to build one because we’re already working with big utilities on a fulfillment platform: a 1000'-tall underground warehouse for hydrogen.
809. openunit : OpenUnit is the all-in-one platform self-storage facilities need to run their business - whether they’re a single mom-and-pop site or a multi-facility corporation. Our complete set of tools gives storage operators what they need most—a powerful online presence, reservation system, legal agreements, insurance, merchant solutions and management software to simplify the process of running a storage facility. On top of that, OpenUnit gives facilities: • Team Management & Communication: Every account includes a space that lets you share messages with co-workers & head office. All without reaching for a separate app. • Payments & Point-of-Sale: Increase your revenue with payment options that support all card types, and increase in-store purchases with Point-of-Sale (POS) software. • Accounting & Bookkeeping: From sales and purchases to cashflow, taxes and reporting. OpenUnit Books will make you feel like a professional accountant, even if you aren't.
810. lynx : Lynx is an AI platform that investigates and resolves engineering issues directly in your environment, from data anomalies to production outages. When incidents arise, Lynx will automatically gather information, pinpoint root causes, and execute solutions. Lynx makes incident resolution faster and more reliable, so teams can minimize downtime and focus on building.
811. nextstore : Nextstore has been built over e-merchants desire for greater performance, suited analytics, and sleek UX. With an opinionated approach and a low-code environment, Nextstore offers the first mobile-native website builder. Our vision is to enable merchants to build outstanding online Experience with the control they need to be successful
812. hammr : Hammr is the all-in-one platform for construction companies to manage their back office. Top contractors use Hammr for payroll, time tracking, benefits and compliance — in one place.
813. talus-bio : We have built a platform that enables drug discovery and development for previously undruggable genome regulators ("the regulome"). We accomplish this by moving drug discovery out of artificial systems where regulome proteins fail to function properly, and back into live human cells. Our technology combines innovations in automated cell processing, next-gen proteomics, and advanced data analytics to measure a drug's effect on the entire regulome in one experiment.
814. apolloshield : Detect and safely block unwanted drone intrusions. Track down and arrest unauthorized operators. Developed by experts from Israel Defense Forces and currently serving more than 25 countries, ApolloShield is the world leader in detecting and blocking drone intrusions, as well as tracking down and arresting unauthorized drone operators.
815. farmstead : Farmstead is an artificial intelligence-powered farm to doorstep grocery delivery startup.
816. phase-biolabs : Phase Biolabs makes carbon negative solvents and electro-fuels from carbon dioxide (CO2) using fermentation. You can read more about what we are building in our Hacker News article: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30557288 Phase Biolabs is also supported by Bill Gate's Breakthrough Energy Foundation via their Innovator Fellowship program.
817. manifold-freight : Manifold is revolutionizing the spot freight procurement process for Carriers, Brokers, and Shippers. Our inaugural product transforms the booking process for spot shipments, significantly reducing empty miles and increasing revenue. We do this by aggregating spot shipment opportunities from a variety of shipper and brokerage sources into a single location. Andrew and Oliver bring deep domain expertise of freight from their pivotal roles at Convoy, where they were engineering leaders automating processes that were scaled to handle over 10,000 weekly shipments. This background has been instrumental in shaping Manifold's innovative approach. In just two months since launching Manifold has achieved $5,100 in monthly revenue, showcasing the pressing demand for our product. Manifold is poised to transform this $100+ billion industry. Not only will we streamline spot freight procurement operations but we will also redefine the industry's cost structure for the better.
818. fira : Fira is a financial research assistant that helps analysts at investment firms instantly extract and analyse data from unstructured reports of public and private companies. It reads thousands of integrated unstructured financial reports (often 300 pages) to provide source-cited answers, verifiable financial calculations, and Excel-ready tables — tasks that typically take hours. We're initially focusing on boutique investment banks and small private equity firms, covering annual reports of international companies and allowing to upload custom documents. As we develop our product and build clients' trust, we'll eventually integrate directly into clouds. Using accurate extraction and analysis as single unit of work LLMs do, our vision is to scale it with agents to allow deeper and more thoughtful research, report generation and task execution — allowing financial teams to focus on ideas and decisions.
819. comradery : A customizable community platform that allows companies to easily create and foster an active and engaged community
820. valiu : It is very hard to access USD or stable currency in LatAm's depreciating, and hyper-inflationary economies. We are solving that for individuals and businesses.
821. vizzly : Vizzly provides customer-facing analytics for modern SaaS. The platform offers the same level of flexibility as an in-house development process with minimal technical overhead required.
822. vetrec : VetRec automates the process of taking clinical notes for veterinarians in a matter of seconds. Veterinarians should just review clinical notes, not spend time creating them. A visit with a pet is precious and 100% of the focus should be spent on the pet, not on notes. VetRec is the veterinarian's best friend.
823. rocketable : Rocketable is building a large portfolio of wildly profitable software businesses by acquiring existing products and replacing human teams with AI agents. Today’s foundation models already possess enough intelligence to automate most of the tasks required to run a profitable software business. In the functions where agents aren’t yet intelligent enough to replace humans, they will be soon. When every human function required to operate a software product has an AI agent equivalent, the next step will be within reach: operating an entire company with a team of AI agents instead of humans. But superintelligent agents within each function won’t be enough. To operate a software company with 0 human employees, the agents will need to be directed towards common goals, integrated to collaborate across functions, tuned with feedback loops connected to product metrics, and trained to make resource allocation decisions. We are creating the tools needed to replace the entire org chart of a software company with a team of AI agents. We are developing these tools by owning the products that we automate, because we know from 10+ years of experience building automated systems with AI/ML that integration is the key to unlocking superhuman performance.
824. flow-club : https://www.flow.club/ is a virtual co-working space where people work in high-intensity sprints designed to double their productivity. We envision a world where... - anyone can access deep, focused flow anytime, anywhere - working independently or remotely doesn’t have to feel like you're on your own Our mission is to build the software that powers the most inspiring and productive work environment for knowledge workers. Our members love Flow Club (https://www.flow.club/wall-of-love). We’re growing quickly, just presented at Y Combinator's Summer 2021 Demo Day, raised $5M, and hiring our founding team. We are backed by Worklife Ventures, a firm investing in companies re-designing the way work gets done in the future, and 100 more of the world's best investors and operators. Among our investors are Paul Graham and the founders of iconic companies like Dropbox, Mercury, Quora, Outschool, and Sendbird. Finally, we are inspired by our members and hosts who we see everyday working out of Flow Club building the most incredible things. They remind us great things are built incrementally, one step at a time.
825. odigos-technologies-inc : Odigos leverages eBPF technology to create an open-source solution that can automatically generate distributed traces for any application without any engineering work. Developers are struggling with extracting and delivering high-quality monitoring data. Currently, building a pipeline is a manual process that takes months to implement, is an error-prone process that requires tons of code changes across multiple R&D teams, and demands collaboration.
826. cohere : Cohere resolves 40-70% of support requests using AI, over all channels, within just a few days.
827. swades-ai : Swades AI is an AI research lab building commercial applications using breakthrough AI models. We leverage both open/closed source models to solve application level problems. Our family of startups include: OpenMic (https://www.openmic.ai/) : AI phone agents that can do both inbound/outbound calls across different use-cases such as healthcare, logistics & trucking, sales automation etc. SNR Audio (https://www.snr.audio/) : TTS/STT API at 1/10 the cost of existing providers. Poolcompute (https://www.poolcompute.com/): GPU marketplace for both centralized/decentralized GPUs at lowest costs Optic Intellect (https://www.opticintellect.com/) : Large vision models for computer vision tasks Joinarena.ai (https://www.joinarena.ai/) : AI interviewer for screening calls Powerdialer.ai (https://www.powerdialer.ai/): Cold calling Sales automation tool Codesama (https://www.codesama.com/): AI powered github code reviews
828. amulyte : Growing old is part of life. Losing your independence shouldn't be. We believe in a world where seniors can keep their freedom and still feel safe. That's why we created Amulyte; a remote monitoring and activity tracking system for seniors. Amulyte is committed to providing the technology needed to help protect seniors from falls so they can continue to age at home. There are 55 million seniors in North America, a number that is only going to grow in the coming years. It is becoming increasingly important that seniors are able to continue living in their own homes as they age. Amulyte helps make that possible by using the latest technology to provide coverage anywhere - no more base station or being restricted to your home.
829. tributi : Tributi automates tax filing for individuals in Latam, and offers curated financial services to those users based on their financial data.
830. reploy : Reploy makes it dead simple to generate full-stack staging environments or “previews” of web apps on every pull request. This helps teams move faster by sharing changes instantly, with everyone!
831. multibase : Multibase is the data layer for web3 companies. We help companies index, decode and interpret onchain transactions in real time.
832. queue : Queue is an all-in-one platform for agencies and productized services to launch and grow their business. We integrate with your website so your clients can purchase your services, access their client portal, submit tasks, review work, and everything else in between.
833. runlocal : RunLocal helps engineering teams discover, optimize, evaluate and deploy the best on-device AI model for their use case.
834. verbling : Verbling’s mission is to empower people all over the world to become fluent in a foreign language. We use online live video technology to help people develop their skills together with teachers and students on a global scale. The core team is based in San Francisco, California. The teachers and students who make our mission possible are spread across six continents.
835. weweb-io : WeWeb is a visual programming tool that allows you to build user interfaces on top of existing databases & auth systems. It allies the short learning curve of no-code with the freedom of code. CONTROL & FREEDOM – Build pixel-perfect frontends with drag-and-drop UI elements and no-code CSS properties but have the option to add custom code or import your own Vue.js components. CODE BEST PRACTICES – Follow development best practices by building components, global workflows and re-usable functions with no-code triggers and formulas with the option to add custom JS where needed. NO VENDOR LOCK-IN – WeWeb generates a standard PWA-ready Single Page Application and allows you to deploy your projects on your own infrastructure. Build in no-code, host on-premise.
836. evo-do : 
837. joy : Joy is a software platform with a mission to help the world celebrate better together. Our software helps everyone plan and remember all of life's events. Big or small, Joy is there every step of the way.
838. tabular : Tabular uses AI to automate the core workflows of accounting firms, starting in Europe. We generate finished ledger entries that users export with just one click. This involves tasks like booking expense accounts, determining VAT filings, reconciling transactions.
839. sleep-reset : Our mission is to improve quality of life for millions of people by providing easy, immediate access to the world’s best sleep care. Sleep Reset is a digital, personalized sleep clinic, available in a convenient mobile app for iOS and Android. Our program was designed in partnership with leading sleep experts from top sleep clinics and universities. The program improves sleep and reduces sleep anxiety with the most effective methods from sleep clinics, including strategies based on Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for Insomnia (CBT-i) which are proven to be more effective than sleeping pills. Throughout our program, each member is paired with a dedicated sleep coach who personalizes their program. It’s a life-long, sustainable solution to sleep better in weeks, with no pills or melatonin needed – which means no grogginess, side effects, or dependency. Sleep Reset has been covered in Forbes, TechCrunch, and INSIDER. The company was founded by Yunha Kim, a serial entrepreneur recognized by Forbes as 30 Under 30 and is backed by top Silicon Valley investors including YCombinator, Foundation Capital, New Enterprise Associates, Stanford University and 20+ founders/executives of leading companies.
840. circlemind : Circlemind is developing the next-generation of memory systems for AI that surpasses current Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) methods. Our technology based on Knowledge Graphs and PageRank, allows for efficient, interpretable, and context-aware reasoning and retrieval.
841. cognition-ip : Cognition IP is a tech-powered San Francisco based intellectual property law firm with partners who have represented some of the most innovative companies in the world in many aspects of intellectual property planning, including Apple, Salesforce, Purdue, Hewlett Packard, AstraZeneca, and Texas Instruments. Offering patent and trademark filing and prosecution, innovation harvesting and portfolio management, Cognition IP supports early stage startups to Fortune 500 enterprises with on-demand, flat-fee IP counsel and the results expected from a top-tier firm. Schedule a complimentary consultation at: https://www.CognitionIP.com
842. oto : Oto’s digital programs are the best way to manage tinnitus, and at a fraction of the cost of in person treatment. Tinnitus or ringing in the ears affects 1 in 8 people, and before Oto effective therapy was only available via expensive meetings with a specialist.
843. lynks : Lynks is an e-commerce company that makes high demand products accessible to people in developing countries.
844. tempo-labs : Tempo is a visual editor for react that gives PMs, designers, and engineers the ability to collaborate visually on code. It offers the familiar UX of a design tool but functions like an IDE under the hood. Tempo is optimized for Vite and Tailwind.
845. jetpack-aviation : Our focus is on developing the smallest, fastest heavy lift optionally piloted VTOL aircraft. Our aircraft can be operated in urban environments with no risk of rotor strikes - we don't use rotor systems! Ship anything from downtown LA to downtown San Diego in 20 mins!
846. wheelstreet : Wheelstreet is India's first bike rental platform offering more than 1900 two-wheelers on rent including scooters, commuter bikes, sports bikes, super bikes and premium bikes. Wheelstreet is the only bike rental company based on an aggregator model. Wheelstreet makes the process of renting bikes completely hassle-free for its customers by offering variable rent durations, home delivery and pick-up, helmets at no added charge, and unlimited kilometres. Launched in 2014, Wheelstreet rapidly gained over 14,000 satisfied customers before starting operations and eventually shifting its headquarters to Bangalore. Wheelstreet is currently employing the most innovative and dedicated people from prestigious institutions such as IIT(Bombay), University of Missouri(Kansas), NMIMS, Sheffield University, Welingkar Institute and IIMC(Delhi). Wheelstreet's technological and operational prowess allows it to cater to 1000 customers per month - a number which is only growing.
847. dost-education : Dost is an ed-tech nonprofit building a platform to expand access to early childhood development in low-resource settings through parent education. Our mission is to unlock children’s full potential by focusing on early learning - the time when 90% of our brains develop. We believe that parents of any literacy level can play a critical role in developing their children’s school and life readiness. In India alone, there are 150 million under-resourced caregivers who can benefit from resources developed for them. That’s why our team at Dost Education - educators, entrepreneurs, and engineers - are passionate about using technology and user-centric product design to change the trajectory of families’ lives. Since 2017, we’ve grown from a small pilot with a few hundred mothers, to reaching over 100,000 families working with state governments. Join us as we continue to innovate, grow our reach, and deepen our impact. We are supported by some of the best funders in tech and social impact space like Y Combinator, Mulago, and many others. Dost Education values diversity. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.
848. seneca-systems : Every day, incredible government workers serve the public without the resources—and appreciation—their important work deserves. These hard-working teams have to deal with communications arriving from too many channels, maze-like processes for fulfilling constituent requests, and a dangerous lack of visibility into constituent opinions on major issues and the work teams perform. Software can help! But the vendor community has responded with hard-to-use, hard-to-implement, and hard-to-purchase private sector software rather than building something from the ground up. These outdated solutions fail to address government workers’ unique challenges. Seneca Systems was founded to address those challenges and strengthen the vital bond between government and people. Our Constituent Services Platform, Romulus, centralizes constituent communications, organizes service requests, and provides insights into constituent preferences and work performed. Built for governments by people who love government workers, Romulus enables government workers to get more done in less time, with less overhead, and to more constituent applause.
849. tizeti : Tizeti provides broadband internet services to densely populated urban centers in Africa. Tizeti is leveraging the large wireless capacity available with Wi-Fi and plummeting cost of solar panels to create a low CAPEX/OPEX network of owned and operated towers to offer disruptive, customer-friendly pricing for unlimited internet service right across Africa.
850. zen99 : Our mission is powering prosperity around the world. We build intuitive web, mobile, and cloud solutions that generate more money, more time, and more confidence for 46+ million people. Leveraging big data insights, machine learning, and powerful automation, we help consumers, small business owners, and the self-employed achieve their dreams of prosperity. Whether you work on our product and technology teams or in any role across the globe, you’ll play a part in designing and launching industry-leading products like Mint, TurboTax and QuickBooks in an agile environment with fast moving teams. Learn how your ideas will shape our ecosystem of products and make a giant impact. Our culture and entrepreneurial spirit have earned us a spot on Fortune’s “Best Companies to Work For” year after year, as well as many other recognitions across the globe. Join us in powering prosperity around the world. Career Areas: Software Engineering, Product Management, Mobile, UX / User Design, Data, QA, IT, Marketing, Sales, Finance, Tax, and more.
851. ambition : We motivate employees to reach their potential, empower managers to be great coaches, and ultimately help sales teams hit number with great culture. We do this through an extensive suite of coaching and gamification tools, all powered by sales activity data.
852. floydhub : FloydHub is a Platform-as-a-Service for training and deploying your DL models in the cloud. Start running your first project in < 30 sec! Floyd takes care of the grunt work so you can focus on the core of your problem.
853. kular : Hey! We're Kular. We believe human salespeople will be replaced by AI, and we’re working to build that future. Our growth rate has rocketed up (reach out for specific numbers). We're now hiring to keep up with demand. Kular is being built by a team of MIT, IIT, Cambridge and Oxford grads, backed by some of the best investors in the world, including Y-Combinator, Entrepreneur First, Acequia Capital and angel investors behind companies like Ironclad, OpenSea and Stripe.
854. goodcourse : GoodCourse is the TikTok-style corporate learning platform achieving 10x better completion rates, training employees on topics like compliance and inclusion.
855. algolia : Our mission is to make every search interaction meaningful & rewarding, through developer-friendly and enterprise-grade APIs. Algolia is the leading Search & Discovery API for websites and mobile apps. We help the most innovative companies across e-commerce, media and SaaS industries create powerful, relevant and scalable discovery experiences for their users. Unlike other solutions, our hosted platform reduces the complexities of building and scaling a fast, relevant digital experience and helps teams accelerate development time. More than 9,000 companies like Under Armour, Twitch, Periscope, Medium and Stripe rely on Algolia to manage 50+ billion search queries a month. Founded in 2012, we're backed by $184M in funding from Accel Partners, Alven Capital, Point Nine Capital and Storm Ventures. The team is headquartered in San Francisco with offices in Paris, London, New York, and Atlanta. To learn more, visit www.algolia.com. --- We’re looking for talented, passionate people to build the world’s best search technology. As an ownership-driven company, we seek team members who thrive under autonomy and diversity. We're committed to building an inclusive and diverse workplace. We care about each other and the world around us, and embrace talented people regardless of their race, age, ancestry, religion, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, marital status, color, veteran status, disability and socioeconomic background
856. neema : Neema is an app that helps people manage their money as well as send money to other people. Neema is a financial solution for 70 million underbanked Americans. Users download their app, which is a digital wallet, where they can cash their own pay check, send money internationally to their families in 90 countries, and they also provide them with a debit card, which they can use in any store or ATM.
857. morphle-labs : 
858. formative : The platform for real-time formative assessments + a free student response system for digital classrooms. Our web-based software found at goformative.com allows live data analytics on any homework, classwork or assessment in order to help teachers, parents and schools guarantee student growth in the moments when it matters most.
859. leah-labs : LEAH Labs is building living therapies for pets first, and their people next. We're first focused on CAR-T cell therapy for dogs with B cell lymphoma, the naturally occurring clinical analog of human non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. CAR-T cells are curative in humans, and our early results are showing the same - we're inducing remissions in pets with late stage lymphomas. Our virus-free gene editing platform allows us to engineer a dose of CAR-T cell therapy for ~$500, and brings the promise of a curative outcome. Given our safety and efficacy data to date, we believe this product could be used by general practice veterinarians, meaning we have thousands of customers all across the USA who typically treat with palliative care or refer cancer patients to specialty oncologists. Our CAR-T cell platform is regulated by the USDA, not the FDA, affording us a cost effective "full stack" to iterate and innovate on CAR-T cell therapy from a hypothesis through clinical validation.
860. easyplan : Easyplan is an investment app for beginner investors in India (kind of a cross between Betterment and Qapital in the US). We also provide users with a credit card secured by their investments. We launched with money market funds and have ~40,000 customers who’ve invested (~40% MoM growth). The pandemic spurred interest among new investors, and our AUM has grown 3x since April 2020. And we’ve done this with a cost of acquisition that is 10% of the industry average. Here’s the problem we see. Only 10% of the 100 million middle-income Indian workers have invested in the markets. This is despite the fact that they save ~30% of their income, making this a $325B potential market in assets under management. However, current investment apps in India are built for active investors. With over 16,000+ mutual funds and 5000+ stocks to choose from, they are far too complicated for beginners, who make up most of the market. We’re building an AI - driven investment planning software that is designed for beginners. Users use our conversational AI to get diversified mutual fund portfolios tailored to their goals. We also offer users a credit card secured by their investments, so they can earn return without losing liquidity. In terms of business model, we make commissions on the asset we manage, and interchange fees on the fund. We estimate we can make $12 per user per year, which is 6x our current acquisition cost of $2 per investor.
861. zendar : Zendar develops high-definition radar for autonomous vehicles.
862. cardda : All-in-one spend management for businesses in Latam. We give customers tools for bill payments, automated local transfers and corporate cards.
863. sift : Sift is the leader in Digital Trust & Safety, empowering digital disruptors to Fortune 500 companies to unlock new revenue without risk. Sift dynamically prevents fraud and abuse through industry-leading technology and expertise, an unrivaled global data network of 70 billion events per month, and a commitment to long-term customer partnerships. Global brands such as DoorDash, Twitter, and Wayfair rely on Sift to gain a competitive advantage in their markets.
864. rethoric : Rethoric is a plug-and-play content team specialized in helping founders publish high-quality content consistently and grow on LinkedIn. Most founders know the value of building an audience on LinkedIn, but the process demands consistency, time, creativity, writing skills, and energy—things founders often lack. Founders just need to attend content interview sessions and we do the rest.
865. matagora : We’re on a mission to enable collaborative commerce for independent retailers to flourish. Matagora allows independent retailers to automate the manual work of retail collaborations to make their operations refreshingly simple. Discover new retail partners, onboard and import all product information in one click, sync with a retail partner's inventory in real-time, and never worry about a manual invoice or payment. Stores are instantly transformed into real-time scalable marketplaces while keeping their product curation exciting for their customers. Brands get access to infinitely more distribution channels, and ensure they always get paid on time. We simplify collaborative commerce from end-to-end so retailers can sell better, together.
866. amplitude : Since graduating from YC, Amplitude (W12) has made it to IPO and beyond by helping cutting edge startups become category leaders. We’ve pioneered the digital analytics category to become the go-to solution for AI pioneers (Cruise, Midjourney), apps that touch millions of consumers (Doordash, Coinbase), and the best in B2B (Atlassian, Rippling, Canva). With product analytics, experiment, CDP, session replay, and more, Amplitude’s digital analytics platform shows you what your users love, where they’re getting stuck, and what keeps them coming back. You want to build a generational business, and we have the capabilities and pricing plans to guide you every step of the way. Check out our special deal for YC companies and get started on your analytics journey.
867. miru-ml : Miru provides developers with the infrastructure to easily deploy updates over-the-air to fleets of robots and IoT devices by simply pushing new changes to GitHub. We’re on a mission to accelerate the automation of the physical world by enabling developers to move atoms with bits. Our vision is simple—robots everywhere, doing everything.
868. appjet : Y Combinator funded AppJet is an online programming tool for building simple web apps. Founded by former MIT students, AppJet intends to simplify the process of writing web applications. The applications are programmed on a web based text editor in the simple but powerful JavaScript programming language. JavaScript is used on both the server and client side. They've included several bundles of code libraries for databases and more importantly interfacing with the Facebook API. In order to efficiently host users' applications, AppJet has developed their own application virtualization system. The system allocates processor time to active applications and cuts off greedy ones after running an alloted number of compiled lines of code to prevent abuse. AppJet as a dev platform seems no longer to be active. There are some legacy downloads available, however.
869. verto : Verto is a cross-border payment platform for businesses; our mission is to simplify cross-border payments in emerging markets, particularly Africa. We do this by providing businesses with superb infrastructure that they can use to convert, hold, receive and make payments across 49 currencies. By connecting Businesses, Liquidity providers, FX Brokers, and Payment Institutions, and banks through our marketplace, companies can choose their foreign exchange rates at the time that suits them, therefore, providing a constant liquidity flow cheaply.
870. pier : We’re building an API for launching credit products. We enable companies to compliantly offer credit by handling the tech stack for origination, underwriting and loan management with just a few lines of code. We have built-in compliance guardrails to ensure that our customers comply with state and federal regulations and assist with licensing requirements and license management.
871. contrast : It's a better way to build frontend. It connects your Stories, Tokens, & Figma components. It lets you inspect designs with confidence and speed. And you can use it in Storybook.
872. relvy-ai : Relvy does 24x7 monitoring of production software logs to both discover and debug issues. We do this using our custom LLMs that are 200x cheaper than frontier models, which means we are the only AI that's usable at the scale of this problem.
873. logisticsos : LogisticsOS provides route optimization and fleet dispatching algorithms as services to let any last-mile company offer same-day and next-hour delivery. We are the creators of the route optimization engine that both FedEx and USPS are using on production today. We increase profit per delivery by 15% and optimize thousands of deliveries in seconds using 30X faster algorithms.
874. guide-labs : At Guide labs, we build Interpretable foundation models and AI systems that can reliably explain their reasoning, and are easy to audit, steer and understand. We provide access to these models via our API.
875. shoptiques : Shoptiques.com brings boutique shopping online. On Shoptiques.com, you will experience personalized shopping with the most unique and fashion-forward inventory from the best local boutiques. This means no more searching through hundreds of sites and walking down random streets in hopes of finding the perfect item! It’s now easy to discover your favorite local boutiques and shop new looks in one place.
876. product-hunt : Product Hunt surfaces the best new products, every day. It's a place for product-loving enthusiasts to share and geek out about the latest mobile apps, websites, hardware projects, and tech creations. Community members can submit, browse, vote and comment on daily submissions of products and collections of products. They also get the opportunity to interact directly with product creators, investors, journalists, as well as, an active community of people who are passionate about products.
877. storyline : No-code Alexa Skills builder.
878. vantel : Vantel is an AI software platform for commercial insurance brokers.
879. revise-robotics : E-waste recycling facilities spend most of their time and effort sifting through discarded electronics, searching for valuable devices, refurbishing them, and reselling them in second-hand markets. Our first product is an AI-enabled robotic system that integrates with these facilities to assess and refurbish hundreds of laptops a day without any human intervention. The system tests laptops, wipes their hard drives, photographs them, and posts them on online marketplaces for resale, regardless of model, manufacturer, or operating system.
880. carrot-fertility : Carrot is a simple and affordable way for companies of any size to build or enhance their fertility benefit. Carrot can help with egg freezing, infertility treatments including in vitro fertilization (IVF), LGBT+ conception, and more. Fertility care is daunting and scary; our focus is on improving the employee experience during high impact moments related to fertility-- helping save time, money and stress.
881. inri : India is set to be one of the fastest growing major economies and Indian expats have a unique opportunity to invest in this dynamic growing market. As an Indian expat looking to invest in India, investing in India is a daunting experience, with multiple operational hurdles, complex tax and repatriation regulations. Inri solves these challenges by providing a seamless investment platform comprising of personalized wealth advisory and compliance services.
882. a0-dev : a0.dev is a platform that helps mobile developers build high quality apps in days instead of weeks by generating custom react native projects. We've launched top ranking apps that have been used by hundreds of thousands, and now we're creating the tools we wish we had to build faster.
883. mindely : Mindely is the first AI interviewer designed for skills assessment interviews. Hiring for high volume, high turnover roles (e.g., consultants, analysts, sales & customer representatives) is time-consuming, inconsistent, and prone to unconscious bias. Managers spend valuable time on lengthy skill-based interviews instead of focusing on building candidate relationships or on driving company revenue. Traditional AI interviewers don’t solve these issues – their rigid Q&A formats and one-size-fits-all approach can’t handle complex skill assessments. Mindely changes the game as the first AI interviewer built for in-depth case study, technical and role-play interviews. It: - Simulates human interaction with real-time dialogue - Challenges candidates with dynamic, adaptive responses - Eliminates interviewer bias to create a fair, inclusive hiring process - Works 24/7 to free up senior staff and widen talent pool With Mindely, companies can rapidly customize and deploy human interviews at AI scale to test specific on-the-job skills.
884. method-financial : Method provides connectivity to consumer credit and liability accounts, enabling end-to-end refinance experiences, real-time account data access, and one-click checkout.
885. cryptoseal : CryptoSeal provides Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) as a service.
886. logiblock : Logiblock makes electronic product development faster for startups and established firms alike. Logiblock is the client services division of Outbreak, Inc. Founded as a technology research and development group in 2008, Outbreak primarily develops and licenses embedded software technology.
887. ssovereign : A Ω
888. safetykit : SafetyKit replaces human Trust and Safety reviewers with language models. We make it easy for enterprise Trust and Safety teams to supercharge their content review workflows — speeding up agent decision-making 5x or by automating the review altogether — and significantly reduce operations costs with faster, more accurate decisions. With SafetyKit, Trust and Safety teams write their policies in natural language and use them to detect and action nefarious content, instantly. Each decision is accompanied by an explanation grounded in your policies — not a generic definition or model score. We allow TnS teams to confidently scale their capacity, freeing up your agents for the highest leverage work, while reducing those agents exposure to problematic content.
889. no-lean-season : No Lean Season reduces the negative effects of seasonality on the poorest in rural agricultural areas by enabling labor mobility that increases incomes. It is a new program that they are testing in Evidence Action Beta's portfolio, based on rigorous experimental evidence. They give a travel subsidy of $20 to very poor rural laborers so they can send a family member to a nearby city to find a job during the period between planting and harvesting. This is the time in rural areas when there are no jobs, no income, and when families miss meals. This seasonal poverty affects 600 million people around the world. With a temporary job during this 'lean season,' households are are able to put an additional meal on the table for every member of the family each and every day. That’s 500 additional meals during the lean season.
890. actipulse-neuroscience : Non-invasive brain stimulation is a widely-utilized, FDA cleared treatment used for patients diagnosed with depression, but is limited to a hospital setting due to the cost of the device, and complexity of treatment application. Our proprietary brain stimulation device allows patients to be treated directly from their home, with the same efficacy, and at a lower cost of treatment. Currently in FDA pivotal phase for Major Depressive Disorder, and Pilot phase for Alzheimer's and Parkinson diseases.
891. purple-plate : We're a food delivery logistics and culinary company that empowers restaurants to tap into the explosive world of food delivery. We build delivery-native, multi-restaurant virtual kitchens that allow our restaurant partners to expand their delivery footprint to reach new customers. Our fully staffed kitchens handle cooking, delivery, and fulfillment on behalf of restaurant partners so they can focus on what they do best.
892. talkray-tikl : Turn your smart phone into the ultimate push to talk walkie-talkie with TiKL. App available in Android Market and iPhone App Store. Its free.
893. basement : 
894. solve : Solve (YCS17) provides airport fast track, customs, and concierge services in over 470 airports worldwide. Whether it's departure, arrival, or transit, we've got you covered.
895. arpio : Arpio is a SaaS that eliminates downtime for AWS applications by making it easy to recover from any outage in just a few minutes.
896. lightski : Lightski is an AI rich-text editor specifically built for software engineers. We take the grunt work out of drafting technical docs by marrying an AI Assistant with your Github, allowing it to write for you. Lightski connects to your Github and comes with an AI agent that automatically searches your codebase to write for you. Afterwards, continue refining the doc in our Notion-like editor, where you can collaborate, iterate, and comment on the doc.
897. paycrunch : More than 150 million people in India are not able to access formal Credits in India either because of lack of financial data or low credit scores. We use Alternative Credit scoring models to provide a Pay Later option on UPI to a wider audience.
898. piggy : Experience an easy way to make Investments in Mutual funds in India. Easiest platform to make mutual fund investments in India. Because you need to make Investments, be it just to park your cash short term to earn better returns, or to invest for your goals or retirement, we've made an easy to use platform for you where you can invest in any fund in India in few clicks and have track your existing investments. Furthermore , you make investments without paying any middlemen commissions and make more returns . After all, It is your money. Don't pay too much to others when you can do it on your own. We're on both Android and iOS . download the app to get started https://piggy.co.in
899. teleo : Teleo converts heavy equipment, like dozers, trucks, and loaders, into supervised autonomous robots. This enables a single operator to remotely operate multiple machines while sitting at a remote control center, unlocking productivity gains for the General Contractor.
900. deako : Deako believes that everyone should be able to enjoy the wonderful experiences of smart lighting, regardless of their budget. We invented the modular light switch, giving homeowners maximum flexibility to customize and upgrade their systems, at any time, in minutes and without turning off the power. Deako’s beautiful designer switches are like nothing else on the market today. Deako Smart Lighting has been named the #1 Smart Lighting Control System by TecHome Builder, Top 25 Innovative IOT Companies by Entrepreneur, featured in “I Want That!” episode on DIY Network, Top 50 most promising Startups by Bloomberg, and “Changing The Way Builders Spec Light Switches” - Builder Magazine.
901. dittofeed : Dittofeed is an open-source alternative to platforms like Klaviyo and Customer.io. Self-host us for free, or use our low-cost cloud offering to automate messages across email, SMS, mobile push, WhatsApp, and more. We also offer solutions for embedding Dittofeed in your own SaaS! Instantly provide your customers with automated messaging tools.
902. orbiter : Orbiter’s ML models monitor business metrics automatically and send alerts when those metrics experience abnormal drops or spikes. Any company can onboard in less than five minutes with just their database credentials - no engineering required.
903. posh : We design, develop and manufacture sustainable battery solutions.
904. easycode : EasyCode is GPT-4 powered AI that understands developer context. It gives immediate answers to developer questions specific to their codebase. 900,000 developers already use EasyCode to get unblocked & build 10x faster.
905. oneschema : OneSchema is the embeddable CSV importer used by product and engineering teams to save months of development time and to automate CSV mapping, validation, and transformation.
906. divvyshot : Divvyshot is a photo-sharing platform that enables users to share full resolution photos with friends.
907. poppy : Poppy is a modern childcare solution for modern families. We set your family up with a team of talented and thoroughly vetted sitters. Then you just text us when you need a sitter. Simple. So you can get back to juggling dinners and dance recitals. Stop worrying about being stuck without care when you need it.
908. chaser : Our users use our tool to build Zendesk, Salesforce, and Slack apps without an engineering background.
909. minefold : Simple to set up, on demand game servers. Minefold runs game servers for popular games such as Minecraft and Team Fortress 2. Servers can be created and running in under 30 seconds and players pay by the hour.
910. mantlebio : Mantle brings modern data engineering to the lab to help scientists turn insights into world-changing breakthroughs.
911. may-mobility : May Mobility is a leader in autonomous vehicle technology development and deployment. With more than 300,000 autonomous rides to date, May Mobility is committed to delivering safe, efficient and sustainable shuttle solutions designed to complement today’s public transportation options. The company’s ultimate goal is to realize a world where self-driving systems make transportation more accessible and reliable, the roads safer, and encourage better land use in order to foster more green, vibrant, and livable spaces.
912. diversion : Diversion is a cloud-native, scalable Git alternative. We allow software development teams to effectively collaborate on code bases of any size, while improving security, devops and developer experience.
913. job-alchemist : 
914. type : Type.ai is an AI writing tool and document editor that helps anyone write high-quality content quickly. Rather than writing important content from scratch, individuals and teams can use Type to instantly generate high-substance drafts, revise and rewrite content, and get personalized ideas on what to write next.
915. antwalk : An up-skilling platform that empowers teams with continuous learning tracks to equip them with the right skills at the right time. Our up-skilling programs are customised to business objectives of organisations across sales, customer success, general management, technology & product functions & promote employee development by enhancing their existing competencies and developing newer ones. AntWalk is powered by 3000+ Experts from 500+ Global Brands across 40+ Countries to power these courses and 1:1 Interactions.
916. viacycle : viaCycle brings affordable, sustainable transportation to areas that need it most. Our revolutionary bike sharing technology can create a bike program anywhere, in days rather than months. ViaCycle is committed to the ideals of sustainability – enduring economic prosperity, interconnected, sustainable mobility, and a healthier way of life. We combine new ideas in transportation with cutting edge IT to achieve these ideals and open new channels for people to live and work the way they want.
917. boom : Boom Supersonic is transforming air travel with Overture, the world’s fastest airliner, optimized for speed, safety, and sustainability. Serving both civil and government markets, Overture will fly at twice the speed of today’s airliners and is designed to run on 100% sustainable aviation fuel (SAF). Symphony™, a Boom-led collaboration with industry leaders, is the propulsion system that will power Overture. Overture’s order book, including purchases and options from American Airlines, United Airlines, and Japan Airlines stands at 130 aircraft. Boom is working with Northrop Grumman for government and defense applications of Overture. Suppliers and partners collaborating with Boom on the Overture program include Collins Aerospace, Eaton, Florida Turbine Technologies (FTT), a business unit of Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc., GE Additive, Safran Landing Systems, StandardAero and the United States Air Force. For more information, visit https://boomsupersonic.com Boom’s world-class engineering team comes from places including SpaceX, Boeing, Gulfstream, Virgin Galactic, Scaled Composites, NASA, and Bombardier. We have uniquely challenging and world-changing opportunities for the most talented aerospace engineers, designers, and business people.
918. impossible-metals : Impossible mining is building underwater robotics vehicles which collect battery metals from the seabed without harming the environment. We have $500M+ in off-take LoI’s and have signed a partnership with a global offshore logistics company which holds a seabed mining exploration permit. We have also built the 1st PoC underwater robotic arm. Polymetallic nodules are rocks which are rich in critical battery metals. Specially nickel, cobalt, manganese and copper. These metals are the the most expensive part of EVs.
919. pixate : Pixate was acquired by Google, Inc. in July 2015. * Pixate was founded in May 2012 with the goal of enabling designers and developers to create beautiful, native mobile apps quickly and easily. Pixate's flagship product, the Pixate Engine for iOS, integrates a CSS-based styling engine, graphics rendering system, and a SVG-subset for supporting scalable vector graphics. The CSS-based stylings can be changed at run-time and can be downloaded and updated on-demand. The Pixate Engine for iOS version 1.0 is currently available for purchase or for trial download at pixate.com. Pixate was a Y-Combinator Summer 2012 participant and raised early funding through a successful Kickstarter campaign in 2012.
920. autocomputer : AutoComputer is a desktop robotic process automation system. Given just a text prompt, our AI automates tedious tasks such as financial data entry by performing all the clicks and keystrokes for you.
921. prequel : Prequel makes it easy for companies to share data with their customers. It helps you export data directly to your customer's Snowflake, Redshift, BigQuery, Databricks, or other data warehouse on an ongoing basis.
922. resquared : Local businesses were the hardest B2B segment to reach, but account for over 60% firms in the U.S. Our SaaS application has data on every local business that are easy to get in touch with using our specialized marketing automation tools and workflows. Resquared has been proven to save sales pro's over 3 hours per day and result in 53% stronger leads (case study on website).
923. two-dots : We're building an AI consumer underwriting automation service.
924. edyst : Edyst is a Y Combinator-funded company (W19) working in the online learning & employability space. We’re looking to collaborate with people who want to significantly change the current learning and employability system in India. In a span of 2 years, we have hit some pretty impressive figures that some of the most established names haven’t: - Our course completion rates are more than 80% (8x the industry average) - Students spend an average of 95 minutes daily on the platform (5x the industry average) - 50% placement ratio (2x the industry average) We need more mavericks for this journey: people who love challenges & puzzles; people who love to learn & grow; people who want to significantly change the current learning and employability system.
925. reform : Automate your repetitive tasks, interface directly with your own transport management system, and create dashboards in one single platform.
926. flowly : Flowly’s mobile app is the VR version of Calm with a focus on reducing chronic pain for 100 million Americans. Flowly subscribers receive a $5 VR headset and Heart Rate sensor that collects a user's biometric data like HR and HRV, and converts it to visualizations in virtual experiences that reduce pain by 46%. Flowly is backed by the National Institutes of Health.
927. odwen : ODWEN enables India’s 60m SME's to find curated warehouses in minutes at prices 20% below current market and transport their inventory in and out with just a few clicks. With 2000+ warehouses across 180 locations, we are the largest integrated 3PL/ warehouse network in India.
928. taiv : Taiv puts TVs on autopilot, automatically switching between cable, our own streaming channels, digital signage, and trivia. Our proprietary AI model analyzes the live video feed and intelligently switches sources during commercial breaks, show changes, or based on the time of day, to show the best possible content & ads for any environment. We offer this for free to venues and make money by selling ads, which we rev-share back with the venue, turning their TVs from a cost center to a profit center.
929. lapzo : lapzo makes it easy for companies in Latam to develop their workforce, even when they are remote. We allow them to set and track goals, evaluate their performance, and train them with online courses.
930. bumpline : 
931. networkocean : We build underwater data centers to cut power usage by up to 30%, operating GPUs cheaper and more sustainably. Our 1 MW capsule is being tested underwater in the SF Bay
932. meitre : Online reservations, guest and revenue management for the world's top restaurants.
933. flip : FLIP is everyone’s sneaker connect — the premier specialty destination where people find and sell hard to find, rare, limited edition sneakers. They have created a community where their members can buy and sell with confidence and ease. Never miss out on an opportunity to place your bid on hard to find sneakers in 90 minutes from a curated list of quality sellers who really care. Their mobile only platform is currently available for your iPhone and coming soon to Android. They strive to keep an open and trusted environment for their community.
934. modernbanc : Simple to set-up, flexible and powerful platform to manage your business finances
935. orbillion-bio : Intro to Orbillion Bio: https://youtu.be/Rql0eteqQ-o Orbillion Bio will be the first company to bring premium lab grown meat to the market. We will replace prime beef and wagyu with an ethical alternative that tastes amazing. The founders Patricia Bubner, PhD, Samet Yildirim, MSc, MBS and Gabriel Levesque-Tremblay, PhD have over 30 years of combined experience in business and product development, bioprocessing and biopharma. After only 4 months of development time, Orbillion has four different flavorful meats growing in the lab: wagyu beef, elk, sheep and American bison. Using their proprietary platform technology, Orbillion is rapidly decreasing the cost of cultivated meat. Major investors in our pre seed round were Y Combinator, New Protein Fund, Joyance Partners and Venture Souq. https://www.orbillion.com/
936. cartage : Cartage is the future of freight coordination. Transparent, tech-driven and eliminating the need for human coordinators.
937. argovox : We help healthcare providers increase profitability and cashflow by automating their patient billing and collections processes. Today, healthcare providers in the US are leaving up to 20% of their profit margins on the table due to subpar patient billing and collections processes. Billing patients and collecting their payments is a complex process that requires specialized skills and a lot of effort. Traditionally, healthcare providers have done this manually, with limited automation around one-way reminders. This leads to limited engagement with payers and subpar collection results. Argovox changes this by making new levels of payer engagement possible at scale. Through both voice and text conversations, our AI agents can engage in complex, multi-turn patient billing and collection conversation. This leads higher engagement with payers and optimal collection results.
938. lively-inc : Out-of-pocket healthcare costs are skyrocketing and every day, people all across America are forced to make difficult decisions about their health. Lively is the benefits solutions provider that gets it right. We designed our solutions to take the guesswork out of managing benefits. And our innovative features are built to simplify benefits administration and evolve with your business. Managing wellness and wealth takes more than a series of transactions. By combining robust features with unparalleled service, we make benefits administration effortless, even when time and energy are limited. Experience benefits administration as it should be with Lively. Go to www.livelyme.com to learn about how HSAs other modern employee benefits can help you and your team.
939. cercli : Cercli is the single modern platform for Middle East & North Africa (MENA) businesses to hire, manage and pay their global workforce. We automate your local and remote payrolls, HR, onboarding, compliance, expenses and more - to help organisations reduce human error and stay fully compliant.
940. global-belly : Global Belly is a platform that helps creators and content companies add shoppable products to their content and monetize their audience. We drive social commerce for partnering brands, by matching their products to relevant content. We take care of technology, analytics and operations so that content creators can easily create and start selling unique physical and virtual offerings in a matter of minutes. Global Belly has launched 100+ influencers in the food space and shipped thousands of products nationwide. Global Belly's co-founders are Ankita Sharma and Madhuri Sharma (unrelated). Ankita has a Masters in Computer Science (Carnegie Mellon) and MBA (NYU Stern) and experience working at Apple and Bloomberg. Madhuri brings the culinary and content marketing skills to the team, with a B.S in Film & Television (Boston University), a Culinary Arts degree (Institute of Culinary Education) and experience at Grey Global Group and The Food Network.
941. inbalance : We use machine learning to accurately forecast electricity prices. Our live customers, including Enel, use our software to improve revenue by millions of dollars per year.
942. laudable : Laudable finds happy customers and their success stories hiding in your existing data - like call recordings, NPS, salesforce logs - and auto-generates case study content.
943. argument-computer-corporation : Argument combines zero-knowledge cryptography, formal verification and distributed consensus technologies to build systems for unbreakable, scalable, private, decentralized software.
944. spect : Vision Disease cause innumerable cases of preventable blindness globally - 415 million diabetic patients worldwide are susceptible to Diabetic Retinopathy (DR), Glaucoma, and more. Current screening protocols for vision disease require ophthalmologists to manually diagnose patients through visual assessment of the fundus. Given the large number of diabetes patients in various communities, this process is expensive, inefficient, and an undue burden on eye clinics.
945. modal : At Modal, we build the future of auto commerce for the world's largest auto brands and retailers. Modal's team is full of technology leaders from places like Google, Facebook, Tesla, Paypal, Accenture, and Modal is backed by notable investors like Y Combinator, Peter Thiel, Khosla Ventures, and Ally Financial. To quote Peter Thiel, Modal is "complex coordination" of many different technologies, driving billions of dollars in transaction volume every year. Modal, formerly Drive Motors, was founded in 2015, completed Y Combinator in 2016, and is based in San Francisco, CA. For more information, visit www.modalup.com.
946. shogun : Shogun is an ecommerce experience platform empowering brands to drive higher conversions, revenue, and brand loyalty. Our products Shogun Page Builder and Shogun Frontend help teams build and optimize their online stores to deliver exceptional experiences. Our products integrate with ecommerce platforms like Shopify and BigCommerce, and our 20,000+ customers include Leesa, MVMT, Timbuk2, and Chubbies. Visit www.getshogun.com for more. We're an inclusive, remote, diverse, and globally distributed team. And we’re hiring!
947. presto : Presto automates big chain restaurants like McDonald's, Starbucks, KFC, Chili's with a combination of Computer Vision, Voice AI, payments and advanced hw/sw solutions. We're obsessed with introducing next-gen tech to advance physical industries and delight consumers.
948. goat-group : GOAT Group represents the leading platforms for authentic sneakers, apparel and accessories. Operating four distinct brands–GOAT, Flight Club, Grailed and alias–GOAT Group has a global community of over 50M members across 170 countries. We are backed by some of the leading names in venture capital including Accel Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, Index Ventures, Matrix Partners, NEA, SV Angel, Upfront Ventures, Webb Investment Network and Y Combinator.
949. summed-ai : Summed AI is an AI assistant that digs up accurate Medicare policy details for you 90% faster, so you can enroll your clients quicker with fewer compliance dings.
950. zeropath : ZeroPath is a developer tool that autonomously detects, verifies, and submits fixes for vulnerabilities in your code. Engineers can use ZeroPath to find security problems that they might only otherwise catch in pentests or from bug bounty researchers.
951. kura-ai : Kura breaks 87% on the WebVoyager Benchmark. That is 31% better than Claude's Computer Use demo and 14% better than the previous State of the Art. In 10 years there will be more AI agents on the internet than humans. Kura is SOTA for giving AI agents the tools for interacting with websites.
952. simple-ai : Simple AI places places AI calls to help you find things, call customer support, make reservations, and get things done.
953. apartio : 
954. leeroo : Leeroo empowers developers and organizations to turn complex workflows and ideas into production-ready AI systems. Our platform enables the creation of end-to-end trainable Compound Models that combine pre-trained models, tools, and data seamlessly. Not only do we automate model building but also automate the integration of tools and data sources, accelerating the journey from concept to deployment. By abstracting complexity, we allow users to focus on solving problems, not building infrastructure, and deliver scalable, customizable, and fully private solutions.
955. gullak-money : Gullak is a mobile app that automates savings & invests these in Gold. We launched in India 60 days ago and have grown from 0 to 40k transacting users and hit a monthly GTV of $280K already. We are growing 25% week on week. India is a nation of savers but the way the majority of India saves is non-smart & does not create wealth. There are 200 Mn Indians who save manually in bank deposits, the returns from these instruments do not even beat India's inflation. Gold is an instrument that India loves - 30Bn worth gold is purchased in India every year by middle income households. Gold has great cultural significance in India & there is high familiarity with the asset class. Despite gold being a familiar asset class & giving 5% higher returns than bank deposits, 200 Mn Indians still save manually in these non wealth creating bank deposits. This is largely because the ways to save in Gold required painful discrete activities such as manually accumulating money to buy gold, going to offline stores to buy this gold, incurring storage charges & more. The minimum ticket size for purchasing gold at these stores is $50 adding to more friction to saving in Gold. Using automated savings, Gullak now makes it extremely easy for users to save small amounts regularly($1/day) in digital Gold.This was not possible a year ago because the underlying infrastructure(UPI Autopay) was missing. With 50 Mn Indians saving $2/day & with gold backed lending, this is a $1.5Bn market opportunity. Gullak’s Founding team is the team which built BHIM UPI App(10Mn Downloads in 10 Days), this was launched by the PM of India. We built large scale payment systems for partners like GooglePay / Amazon, processing more than 30Mn payments/day. This is the same team that has built more than 40+ consumer brands & their initial growth strategy.
956. moonshine : 
957. vaero : Vaero's AI produces the most human sounding writing in the world. User's input their own writing, and Vaero automatically trains custom models to write exactly like the user. It writes emails, reports, brand content, and anything else. Vaero bolts on to any existing foundation model, such as GPT-4o and Claude Sonnet 3.5, so you can always use the latest model in your writing style.
958. ballerine : Ballerine is an Open-source KYC & risk management infrastructure. How can you use Ballerine? 1. Open-source building blocks (such as UI flows, back office, rule engine, etc.) to customize KYC and risk flows for any use case. 2. Global orchestration of KYC vendors that play nicely with any of our building blocks. 3. For enterprises - compliance coverage as a service. Try Ballerine now at - https://github.com/ballerine-io/ballerine Customizable KYC flow demo - https://simple-kyc-demo.ballerine.app/ Case management demo - https://www.backoffice-demo.ballerine.app/ Hit us up with any questions at founders@ballerine.io
959. flightcaster : FlightCaster predicts flight delays. FlightCaster can predict your probability of delay hours before the airline or any other app notifies you. FlightCaster uses a patent-pending algorithm that scours data on every domestic flight for the past 10-years and matches it to real-time conditions.
960. chowdeck : Founded in October 2021, currently based in Lagos, Nigeria, Africa’s most populous city, Chowdeck is an on-demand food delivery service and marketplace where people can purchase their favourite meals from a wide range of restaurants. Whether local or continental, customers can buy food in a few short steps and have it delivered to their doorstep in under 30 minutes. Chowdeck is on a mission to empower restaurants in Africa to deliver meals to customers anywhere and anytime. Part of our unique offering to the restaurants listed on our marketplace is that we’ll help them grow, and so far, most of the restaurants we work with can boast of this achievement. With their help and the help of an ambitious team of relentless and fearless riders, we’ve delivered over 80,000 meals in the last six months in two major cities in Lagos. We’ve come this far because we’re passionate about understanding the teething pains of delivery service in Africa and believe strongly in a world where ordering a meal is seamless.
961. lugg : Lugg is building the best way for you to get anything moved. With the push of a button, you are connected to movers and a truck. They make it dead simple to get your new furniture home, your craigslist purchases delivered to you, and moving all of your stuff into your new apartment. They are located in San Francisco and well-funded by some of the greatest investors in the world, like A-Capital, Sequoia Capital, SV Angel, and Y Combinator. They are a small team with incredibly hard problems to solve. They are hiring and would love to hear from you! hello@Lugg.com Download Lugg and let them be your friend with a truck! http://lugg.com
962. moneco : Moneco is a neobank targeting the migrant communities in Europe, starting with the African diaspora. We are making banking easier and more affordable for underserved communities, starting with a current account, a payment card and free remittances. The long term vision is to turn Moneco into a one-stop-shop where all of their financial needs will be addressed.
963. theseus : We're building a Micro Visual Positioning System (VPS) that can be retrofit onto any drone that simulates a GPS. Our VPS uses cameras and an accelerometer/gyroscope as well as reference satellite imagery for positioning. The system is entirely self contained, can't be jammed and has no RF signature.
964. pearai : The Open Source and Extendable AI Code Editor: https://trypear.ai.
965. coverified : CoVerified builds integrated software that uses COVID-19 test results, vaccine records and symptom data to verify real-time compliance and help organizations re-open safely.
966. crowdmed : CrowdMed is an innovative healthcare startup harnessing the wisdom of crowds to help solve complicated medical cases more quickly and efficiently. The company offers individuals, insurance providers, and self-insured corporate customers the ability to reduce their healthcare costs without compromising care. Based in San Francisco, CA, CrowdMed is backed by NEA, Andreessen Horowitz, Greylock Partners, SV Angel, Khosla Ventures and Y Combinator. The company's advisors have founded and run some the world’s most successful online healthcare companies including WebMD. CrowdMed graduated from Y Combinator's Winter 2013 class, and was officially launched during the TEDMED 2013 conference in Washington DC. Visit www.crowdmed.com for more information.
967. trebol : Trebol saves business' banks and lenders from parsing thousands of documents. With an API and tools for developers and legal ops teams Trébol helps onboard businesses in minutes instead of weeks.
968. whalesync : Whalesync makes data syncing easy. Our automation platform syncs data between key business tools like HubSpot and Airtable. We give developers and ops teams two-way, real-time sync, so they can build production-ready workflows. Whalesync launched during Y Combinator’s S21 cohort. Since then we’ve raised from some of the world’s top investors. We’re now trusted by hundreds of companies like [Ramp](https://ramp.com/), [Webflow](https://webflow.com/), and [Alchemy](https://www.alchemy.com/), and process millions of transactions every day. Many of our customers enjoy the product so much they [tell all their friends](https://whalesync.com/preach).
969. mertado : Mertado Mertado is an online social shopping platform that allows consumers to discover and buy products from communities they frequently visit.
970. vida-and-co : VIDA is the story of the rich, beautiful, interconnected world in which we live. It is the story of contemporary life and of mindful, global citizenship. VIDA is a collaboration amongst global citizens - from a designer in Milan, to a producer in Karachi, and a consumer in San Francisco – we are a global partnership of co-creators. VIDA presents an alternative to the homogeneous, disposable products that increasingly dominate retail. We produce only that which is purchased, bringing into the world only items that are wanted. We are using innovations in design and technology to make quality accessible again. We produce with the highest ethical standards, respecting the makers of the products we bring into our lives. We believe beautiful products should create beauty every step of the way.
971. open-motors : Open Motors (formerly OSVehicle): open, modular, electric vehicle platforms allow new and existing car manufacturers to develop their own models saving up to two years of R&D and millions of dollars in investments. At the same time, it is a reference platform for mobility startups to embed and develop their technology on. Open Motors (formerly OSVehicle) is also developing “EDIT”, the first self-driving vehicle designed & engineered for services in white label, extremely modular & open. Fleets can last 10X more thanks to an easy repairability & upgradeability. For more info visit www.openmotors.co
972. streamup : Streamup is a fun way to live stream music videos. Join our community to watch exciting shows and chat with the musicians you love!
973. speedybrand : SpeedyBrand provides SMBs with generative-AI powered marketing content that is effective and affordable. We achieve this by training custom AI models for individual businesses to create hyper-personalized marketing content that gets them more business leads. We are 3 AI engineers who've shipped AI products at companies like Apple, Microsoft and Nextdoor. We previously founded Vetan — an SMB payroll company where we served over 30k SMBs.
974. celest : Celest is a backend-as-a-service for Flutter and Dart developers. It empowers Flutter developers with the tools and capabilities they need to become full-stack developers. We are introducing "Cloud Widgets", a set of primitives which enable you to declaratively define every piece of your backend and infrastructure in Dart. As the role of the front-end developer evolves towards full-stack proficiency, we recognize that existing tools have fallen short for those specializing in Flutter. Using the programming language and patterns Flutter developers already know from building their frontend, Celest enables developers to build and connect their apps to their backend with no additional tooling. We enable Flutter developers to concentrate on building features and delivering value to their customers rather than learning additional domains and fragmenting themselves across disparate toolchains.
975. innate : Innate is developing innately intelligent teachable general-purpose robots. Our platforms are simple, accessible, so as to lower the barrier to entry into robotics for everyone.
976. yummy-inc : Yummy is the largest ridesharing and delivery platform in Venezuela. The company processes over 16 million yearly orders, and also offers a bundle of merchant-enablement services through its Yummy delivery hub including e-commerce stores and whatsapp sales automation for SMBs.
977. lygos : Founded in 2010, Lygos is providing biotechnology solutions for today’s renewable chemical challenges. They engineer microbes to convert sugars into high-value, industrial chemicals, targeting compounds where biological production is cost-advantaged over petrochemical production.
978. coinbase : Founded in June of 2012, Coinbase is a digital currency wallet and platform where merchants and consumers can transact with new digital currencies like bitcoin, ethereum, and litecoin. Our vision is to bring more innovation, efficiency, and equality of opportunity to the world by building an open financial system. Our first step on that journey is making digital currency accessible and approachable for everyone. Two principles guide our efforts. First, be the most trusted company in our domain. Second, create user-focused products that are easier and more intuitive to use.
979. perlara : Perlara 1.0 (Feb 2014 - Feb 2019) launched early R&D joint ventures called PerlQuests with highly motivated rare disease families, companies or impact investors. We screened gene-edited patient avatars for repurposable drugs in order to build a predictive R&D engine called ArkBase. We planned to monetize programs based on ArkBase predictions by selectively spinning out asset-centric clinical development NewCos. Perlara 1.5 (March 2019 - April 2020) was the transition to a one-person virtual clinical development company and when the epalrestat and aripiprazole repurposing trials were launched at Mayo Clinic for the treatment of PMM2-CDG and NGLY1-CDDG, respectively. Perlara 2.0 (May 2020 --> The first decentralized and distributed biotech
980. rigetti-computing : Rigetti Computing is building the world’s most powerful computers to help solve humanity’s most pressing and important problems. These systems will perform computations that today’s fastest supercomputers are incapable of — unlocking entirely new classes of problems and offering a direct path to solutions. We are scientists, engineers, builders, and visionaries. We believe quantum computing is going to significantly affect health care, how we treat disease, how we generate energy, and how we feed humanity. Rigetti is the only company deploying full-stack solutions for hybrid classical/quantum computing. Our 19-qubit quantum computer is available online through our Forest platform, and the first commercially useful applications are already under exploration. We were founded in 2013 by Chad Rigetti, and are located Berkeley and Fremont, California.
981. relay-health : Relay is an app that helps people overcome addiction through peer support and accountability – starting with pornography addiction. It’s like if Alcoholics Anonymous were invented in 2024. For example, when someone is struggling in isolation, Relay matches them with 3-7 other peers with the same challenge, makes it easy to reach out for help when vulnerable, and enables change through shame-free accountability and facilitated connection.
982. flowspace : Flowspace couples powerful software with its national fulfillment network to enable brands to offer consistently fast, efficient delivery from every channel. Integrated within a network of +130 fulfillment locations nationwide, OmniFlow software offers an ecommerce command center for brand operators, empowering them with the visibility and insights needed to control operations and drive success.
983. givecampus : GiveCampus is the world's #1 fundraising platform for non-profit educational institutions. Trusted by millions of donors and more than 1,300 colleges, universities, and K-12 schools, our mission is to advance the quality, the affordability, and the accessibility of education. We provide software, services, and expertise that help schools raise more money, from more people, at a fraction of the cost of other fundraising methods. Since 2015, our platform has facilitated more than $6 billion in charitable giving.
984. clearspace : the missing layer of the internet that aligns how you actually spend your time with your best intentions
985. oklo : About Oklo Inc.: Oklo Inc. (Oklo) is developing advanced fission power plants to provide emission-free, reliable, and affordable energy. Oklo received a Site Use Permit from the U.S Department of Energy, has performed successful prototypic fuel fabrication, was awarded fuel material from Idaho National Laboratory, developed the first advanced fission combined license application accepted and docketed by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and is developing advanced fuel recycling technologies in collaboration with the U.S. Department of Energy and national laboratories. Oklo has been featured in Time, Newsweek, Wall Street Journal, CNBC, Popular Mechanics, Wired, Architectural Digest, Hyperallergic, POWER Magazine, has been the subject of a Harvard Business School case, and is featured in the Oliver Stone documentary Nuclear, among other features.
986. nira-energy : Nira is a map tool, built for renewable energy developers, that shows available capacity at every interconnection point on the electrical grid. Customers like AES and Cypress Creek use Nira to find the most profitable points on the grid to site new projects.
987. soraban : Soraban's building a copilot for accounting firms. We're first automating the client data gathering and service delivery process with software and AI. We are looking for ambitious people to build the best piece of software for accountants.
988. gumloop : Gumloop is a platform for automating repetitive and complex workflows end-to-end with AI. Builders drag, drop, and connect modular components onto a canvas to build powerful automations. We provide the tools and the infrastructure to operate at 10x the speed of writing, testing, and productionizing code so you can focus on the problem at hand.
989. ruth-health : Ruth Health treats the 83% of post-pregnancy womxn who pee in their pants. We deliver 30-minute Postpartum Recovery + Training Sessions via telehealth, so moms around the globe with pelvic floor prolapse can get back to work, sex, and normal life—5x faster. Using conversational AI + biometric readings, Ruth Health will accumulate the largest, most diverse database in America on longitudinal maternal health
990. geosite : **GENERAL** Geosite is an enterprise SaaS platform for spatial data. Through pairing a marketplace with integrated data management and collaboration tools, Geosite enables customers to leverage spatial data for more rapid and accurate planning and operations. This platform is a dual use technology for both commercial and military customers. // **SPACE PEOPLE** Geosite is a cloud-based platform creating a comprehensive repository of geospatial data, such as satellite imagery, through the aggregation of public and commercially available data, providing market-wide ability to rapidly search, select, purchase, assemble, and manage data sets. This will not only create the most comprehensive and exhaustive marketplace for geospatial data and analytics, but also build the underlying data infrastructure for the geospatial industry. This marketplace, for both analytics and data, will enable customers from Oil and Gas companies to US Special Operations to access and consume data from many sources for greater operational efficiency and safety. // **O&G PEOPLE** Geosite is a data platform for Oil and Gas companies that allows customers to bring together their data for a clearer picture of the world. Over 80% of information has a spatial component to it, rarely is this being leveraged to add to the bottom line for Oil and Gas companies. With the proliferation of satellites and distributed sensors (IOT), we are at a juncture of immense opportunity for Oil and Gas exploration to reach an operational efficiency that was impossible only a few years ago. Geosite allows for cutting edge logistics planning and operational tracking to increase safety and productivity.
991. quid : Hilos allows startups and SMBs to run their entire business on WhatsApp, without code. We focus specifically on letting businesses build apps within WhatsApp that integrate with other systems (CRMs, Databases, Payment providers, etc.). Companies can use Hilos to allow their customers to run self serve processes like tracking the status of a package, generating payment links, creating an invoice on demand, or anything else you can dream up.
992. gitlab : GitLab is the first single application for the entire DevOps lifecycle. Only GitLab enables Concurrent DevOps, unlocking organizations from the constraints of today’s toolchain. GitLab provides unmatched visibility, radical new levels of efficiency and comprehensive governance to significantly compress the time between planning a change and monitoring its effect. This makes the software lifecycle 200% faster, radically improving the speed of business. GitLab and Concurrent DevOps collapses cycle times by driving higher efficiency across all stages of the software development lifecycle. For the first time, Product, Development, QA, Security, and Operations teams can work concurrently in a single application. There’s no need to integrate and synchronize tools, or waste time waiting for handoffs. Everyone contributes to a single conversation, instead of managing multiple threads across disparate tools. And only GitLab gives teams complete visibility across the lifecycle with a single, trusted source of data to simplify troubleshooting and drive accountability. All activity is governed by consistent controls, making security and compliance first-class citizens instead of an afterthought. Built on Open Source, GitLab leverages the community contributions of thousands of developers and millions of users to continuously deliver new DevOps innovations. More than 100,000 organizations from startups to global enterprise organizations, including Ticketmaster, Jaguar Land Rover, NASDAQ, Dish Network and Comcast trust GitLab to deliver great software at new speeds.
993. coris : Coris is a Risk API for SaaS companies and Fintechs that underwrite SMBs. We built the risk systems at eBay, PayPal, WePay, and Google. Leveraging our expertise, we were able to build the product in less than 3 months, launch it within few weeks, and already have live pilots with companies such as Housecall Pro and Wave Accounting
994. arintra : US hospitals and clinics are losing $125B every year due to delayed and inaccurate medical coding. Arintra is solving this problem by automating medical coding using AI and clinical NLP. Arintra converts a patient chart instantly into insurance claims with 96% accurate medical codes and zero human intervention. Arintra has processed more than 1.63 million claims this year across its 20+ provider clients that includes health systems and large physician groups. Through automation of these charts, Arintra has reduced undercoding by 11% and coding-related claim denials by 43%. Arintra is headquartered in Austin, Texas. Arintra is bi-directionally integrated with leading EHRs including Epic, Cerner, etc. to process patient charts directly from the EHR to create a direct-to-billing claim. This direct-to-billing claim includes precise E/M levels, CPT, ICD-10, HCC, HCPCS codes with appropriate modifiers and units. Both founders have PhDs in AI, significant ML and NLP experience, 60+ patents and publications, and a combined 20+ years of experience working at B2B companies and startups in Silicon Valley.
995. solarmente : SolarMente helps homeowners in Southern Europe install solar, storage, and heat pumps with zero upfront cost, allowing them to pay through predictable monthly savings. Based in Barcelona, we’ve raised $5M from YC, Climate Capital, Soma Capital, Plug & Play, Leonardo DiCaprio, and others.
996. jetdocs : Jetdocs is a collaborative ticketing solution that is integrated into Microsoft Teams and Slack. We allow teams to create no-code workflows that digitize your processes and connect your teams. We empower IT and Ops teams with the interface, as well as the ability to build out workflows to handle internal tickets, requests and approvals. We eliminate the problems of bloated email chains, group inboxes and long messaging threads.
997. adla : Adla curates and delivers clothes to try on at home for free, you only pay for what you want to keep and Adla picks up any returns. We're starting in colleges.
998. cobbery : Cobbery hand-crafts AI phone agents for your business to scale operations and reduce operating costs.
999. syntra : Syntra is the all-in-one solution for private practice doctors. Our operating system includes a personalized EHR that automates administrative tasks for doctors, such as patient intake, scribing, billing, and inventory management. Practices are switching off of solutions they have used for over a decade, calling Syntra "the only solution that doesn’t need to be managed.”
1000. mantys : Mantys helps SaaS companies calculate and forecast their ARR accurately in real time without using multiple spreadsheets. For example, NextBillion uses Mantys to pull data from HubSpot and Chargebee and create real-time views of their Contracted ARR, Billed ARR, Churn, and forecasted ARR
1001. unima : Unima developed a fast and low-cost diagnostic and real-time disease surveillance that allows anyone to diagnose a disease directly where the patient is, without using lab equipment, with results in 15 minutes and at a very low cost.
1002. balanced : Payments for Marketplaces. We're obsessed with all forms of infrastructure, including communications, transportation, energy, waste management, and payments. Robust infrastructure creates a happier, more productive, and more prosperous society. You know exactly what I mean if you've traveled somewhere where you struggled to find a reliable Internet connect or even usable roads. You also know what I mean when you sit in traffic or struggle with public transportation (or lack thereof) in the US. Balanced was created to increase the global economy (increase GDP) by enabling new commerce. Our mechanism or facility to do that is payments. Everything else we do depends on how it fits into the vision for Balanced.
1003. boundary : Boundary makes tools to build the most reliable AI pipelines. We take a code first approach and everything lives in your code, and runs locally (completely open-source!). Instead of function-calling on openai and JSON.parse, our approach allows you to write shorter prompts that lead to more accurate results. No fine-tuning. No modifying the model. That means less time prompt engineering to get the same quality results. Recently, we showed that our method makes GPT-3.5, GPT-4o-mini, and Claude-Haiku perform at the same level as GPT-4o without (of course GPT-4o gets better with us as well). Read more here: https://www.boundaryml.com/blog/sota-function-calling Boundary is composed of three main components: 1. BAML - a simple programming language to get structured outputs from LLMs. 2. BAML Playground - The first-ever VSCode playground for LLMs, that helps developers test and iterate on their AI functions. 3. Boundary Studio - An analytics dashboard to trace, label, and measure performance. Boundary's mission is to make AI app development seamless, and supports the entire development journey, from initial prompt iteration to measuring performance post-deployment.
1004. human-interest : Human Interest is on a mission to ensure that people in all lines of work have access to retirement benefits. Nearly half of all working Americans are not saving enough for their future. Too often it’s because they are employed by a company that doesn’t offer a retirement plan. Human Interest is changing that by making it affordable and accessible for small and medium-sized businesses to offer employees a path to financial independence through retirement savings. We’re a high-growth tech company changing the retirement industry. We’ve raised $500M and are backed by leading investors. Most recently, by funding from BlackRock as well as many other top investors: TPG (The Rise Fund) with SoftBank led our Series D, Glynn Capital, NewView Capital, USVP, Wing, Uncork, and others.
1005. echoes-hq : Echoes gives engineering leaders visibility into the alignment of engineering efforts against the business goals and whether their deliveries are having actual business impacts. By doing so we enable engineering leaders to make informed decisions on hiring and priorities, to communicate effectively on their team's activity to their business partners/bosses/investors, and to build engagement by putting their team's work into context. We achieve this by offering a seamless way for engineers to connect their day-to-day contributions to their intent, creating the missing link between tech outputs and business outcomes.
1006. gym-class-by-irl-studios : Gym Class is the most popular sports experience in virtual reality - and the best way to play basketball with people from all over the world. Make friends, break a sweat, and become a superstar. Our mission is to connect the world by simulating it.
1007. tandem : Tandem is a digital office for remote teams. You can see who's online, what app they're working in, and talk/screenshare/video in one click. We designed Tandem by deconstructing the affordances and benefits of a physical space, and transcribing them to a virtual space.
1008. floobits : Floobits lets you use native text editors to collaborate on code in real-time. Floobits has 7,000 users signed up with eight hours a day on average per usage. The two co-founders Matt Kaniaris and Geoff Greer used to pair program together while at Rackspace, and after leaving, they realized that they wanted to build something that could help others do the same. The service offers freemium pricing, where free accounts have up to five workspaces available. But to work privately, a paid account starting at $15 per month is required.
1009. platus : Platus delivers fast, reliable legal infrastructure with a no-code platform and API, designed to support SMBs with instant access to notarization, legal drafting, e-signing, and workflow automations. Our solution removes the high costs and slow processing of traditional legal services, by empowering businesses to seamlessly manage compliance and legal tasks.
1010. codeviz : CodeViz creates interactive codebase maps to help engineers quickly understand and navigate code. Adopted by engineers at Amazon, Microsoft, and Roblox, CodeViz was founded by two ex-Tesla engineers to tackle the 75% of development time lost to reading code. Download today at https://codeviz.ai
1011. claimspotting : 
1012. trustegg : TrustEgg is the simple, social way to save for a child's future. TrustEgg will dramatically change the US savings rate, one child at a time. TrustEgg enables parents to create a Trust for their child in minutes for free. Parents can invite family and friends to make contributions. The Trust Fund is invested with Vanguard and earns a market rate of return until the child turns 18. The simple, social nature of TrustEgg will dramatically change the savings rate for the 70+ million children in the US.
1013. highlight-io : highlight.io is the open source, full-stack monitoring platform. With just a few lines of code, Highlight makes it easy to understand what's slowing down your users and swiftly address errors and regressions on your web app. Imagine that you have a customer reporting an issue on your web app. With highlight.io, you can playback their exact interactions to reproduce the bug and get notified of any future errors that could happen. That being said, we’re just getting started! We have plans to go way deeper into your observability stack to give you all of the visibility you need. Join us on this journey: - Star us on GitHub (https://github.com/highlight/highlight) to keep up with releases and news. - Join our Discord (https://highlight.io/community) to share product feedback and thoughts.
1014. village-labs : At Village Labs, we help America's businesses become employee owned by helping them set up and manage an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). ESOPs are a federal retirement plan that enable businesses to give their employees a stake in the company in exchange for significant tax benefits. With 2.9M Baby Boomer business owners set to retire in the coming years, there's a growing "Silver Tsunami" of businesses across the country in search of new ownership. For many of these owners, selling to their employees is a socially-minded yet financially pragmatic solution. By selling ownership of their business to an ESOP, owners get a fair price, tax benefits, and the satisfaction of knowing their employees and legacy will be taken care of — things not guaranteed with traditional buyers like private equity. In turn, employees retain their jobs and get shares in the business that can help them create life changing wealth by the time they retire — imagine an office secretary retiring as a millionaire. Thousands of businesses across America like Bob's Red Mill, Harpoon Brewery, and Recology already have an ESOP, benefiting over 14 million workers and creating 2.1 trillion in employee wealth. We're excited about the opportunity to massively grow these numbers by making it simple for every business to become employee owned.
1015. labdoor : Labdoor is a marketplace where consumers research, find, and buy the best supplements. To verify the purity and potency of these products, Labdoor first buys and tests actual dietary supplement samples: • We send each product to an FDA-registered laboratory for a detailed chemical analysis. • Our scientists then collect the laboratory results and use internal algorithms to translate this data into simple grades and rankings for consumers. • Find a product you love? Click "buy it now" to activate in-app purchases.
1016. orange-health-labs : Orange Health Labs offers at-home collection of samples on-demand within 60 minutes and delivers test results twice as fast as the industry norm, across the top cities in India. With an on-demand service, patients can now avoid visiting crowded and potentially infectious collection centers. At the same time, they can get diagnosed much faster and get better treatment remotely from their own doctor
1017. fileforge : Fileforge is an API for PDF document workflows. With Fileforge, you can generate, manipulate, host, share, sign and track your documents - all in on place. Our open-source library helps developers build complex documents that integrate with our API and external services to build document-centric workflows.
1018. inscribe : Inscribe’s award-winning Risk Intelligence technology is the most effective way for fintechs and banks to automate manual reviews. Inscribe can reduce fraud losses and operational costs while increasing the accuracy and efficiency of risk decisions. Founded in 2017, Inscribe is trusted by leading fintechs like TripActions, Plaid, Bluevine, and Ramp. Inscribe is backed by Threshold Ventures, Uncork Capital, Y Combinator, Crosslink Capital, and Foundry, and is headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Learn more at inscribe.ai.
1019. cherry-recommends : Cherry is the only AI promotion management platform. We help online stores boost revenue and increase their marketing ROI by delivering and tracking dynamic promotions. Cherry uses AI to improve the targeting of promotions to new and existing customers in real-time Cherry has helped its customers increase conversion rates by up to 51%. Cherry is lead by an expert founding team. Isaac has a PhD in maths and delivered AI at McKinsey, Rian is an ex-Microsoft software engineer.
1020. resend : Resend is the new email API for developers. It's designed for you to build, test, and send transactional emails at scale. If you're using Sendgrid, AWS SES, or Postmark, come talk to us.
1021. rescript : Rescript helps regulatory compliance and advocacy teams effortlessly track the constant stream of legal developments and always stay compliant. With our AI regulatory analyst, companies don't have to rely on expensive consultants or settle for inadequate tools that can't do the job. How it works: 1. Comprehensive Tracking: Rescript scans the web for government meetings and regulatory documents, feeding them into our internal repository. 2. Intelligent Filtering: Our tool determines whether a new development involves the customer's regulatory priorities, using reasoning trained by 40+ regulatory analysts from top consulting firms. 3. Change Management: We sync with existing internal policies and materials, and evaluate them in light of new regulations. For more information, visit www.rescript.ai or contact our team at team@rescript.ai.
1022. xpay : We're building a commerce solution for SaaS companies globally that have overseas customers. We especially help them with streamlining billing operations like invoicing and reconciliation, managing foreign sales tax and accepting payments. We abstract out the complexities of compliance, remittance and integration for these merchants by running all that machinery in the background.
1023. nexus : Nexus offers a unified checking and investment account. Your full balance is invested to get market returns, all while retaining instant access to cash even when the markets are closed. We are two ex-Googlers with CS PhDs from Stanford and the University of Washington who have worked together for 7 years.
1024. fizz : Fizz is the #1 money app for students. Whether you want to build credit, manage your money or have no idea where to start, Fizz is there to help you every step of the way. Download the app for free to check your credit score, get personalized spending insights and take fun bite-sized courses. Become a Fizz Member to take your finances to the next level with a debit card that builds credit. With no interest and daily autopay that prevents you from overspending, the Fizz Card is the ultimate financial hack. Students at over 300 universities including Michigan State, University of Florida, UCLA and Harvard chose Fizz for safe credit building with daily autopay, smart spend limits, and local campus deals. Fizz is backed by Kleiner Perkins, SV Angel, Y Combinator, and the founders of eight Unicorns.
1025. ssoready : Large contracts with large companies usually require software companies to offer SAML SSO and SCIM. Implementing SAML SSO and SCIM yourself is pretty hard and not a good use of your time. We make it really easy to implement SAML SSO and SCIM in your product.
1026. downlink : Downlink is the turbo button for AI. We make LLMs 70%+ faster with a few lines of code. Downlink learns which prompts are easy or hard. We train fast models to handle simple prompts, your existing LLM takes the complex ones.
1027. helpcare-ai : Helpcare builds AI Workers for healthcare orgs to take on coordination burden from staff and reduce time of care by autonomously identifying and outreaching patients (through phone, text, email, & mail) to schedule visits, book screenings, complete pre-post, and onboard. These agents require no integration, can navigate all tools, speak 29 languages, come with 50+ outreach scripts and have a remarkable 80% conversation-to-booking closing rate.
1028. interstate : BakedCode create applications which help developers and businesses, focusing on making new solutions or improving on current solutions.
1029. votingworks : VotingWorks is a non-partisan non-profit founded on the powerful idea that the operating system of our democracy should be publicly owned. Every citizen’s vote is sacred, and every citizen deserves evidence that our elections are free and fair. Forty states use voting machines that are over ten years old. Their technology is outdated, their source code proprietary and their security vulnerabilities – described in detail by the security community over many years – are left unpatched. It’s not surprising that 76% of voters are concerned that our elections are vulnerable to hacking. And if voters lose trust in elections, then the very foundation of our democracy is at risk. We’re using open-source software, off-the-shelf hardware, and modern product engineering to make elections dramatically safer, more accessible, and more affordable. Affordability may sound pedestrian, but it is key. The front line of America’s election security rests in the hands of the 50% of US counties that struggle to afford basic services, let alone upgrade aging voting equipment.
1030. microhealth : What we do? We develop digital therapeutics to address unmet medical needs in hematology and oncology. How it works? First we build networks of doctors and patients designed to track, predict and prevent disease. Second, we validate the safety and efficacy of our interventions in pivotal clinical studies to obtain regulatory clearance (SaMD). Finally, we aim to commercialize our products as prescription digital therapeutics (DTx). Where are we now? Today, we are the standard in digital hematology: * Our hemophilia network covers 33% of all patients and providers in the US. * We bested 20+ competitors, including several Fortune 500 companies. * Our clients include: Sanofi, Bayer, Novo Nordisk, Biogen, and Roche.
1031. adri-ai : Adri is built for enterprises that are buying AI. Our patented software monitors the AI vendor's infrastructure and detects any intentional or accidental misuse of your proprietary data. We help you buy AI that you can trust.
1032. binary-thumb : 
1033. pit-ai : Pit.AI Technologies aims at solving intelligence for investment management. We combine bleeding-edge AI research with powerful computing to automatically mine profitable trading strategies in financial markets. Our proprietary pipeline departs from the standard portfolio optimization paradigm in that it avoids making unrealistic assumptions on how markets behave, and it applies the expressiveness of our AI techniques on large scale data to automatically detect and exploit new sources of market inefficiencies, rather than testing or verifying human-generated trading ideas, intuitions, or forecasting models. We believe that the investment management industry is at the dawn of a new AI-led era where trading idea generation will be automated and cost-effective, management fees will be a thing of the past, and fund managers will no longer be paid for merely showing up.
1034. mage : Mage Market is a real-time 'bid/ask' marketplace. When a bid and ask meet, the transaction happens automagically. No counterfeits or fakes – We are the active middlemen and our experts verify every card before it's being sent to you.
1035. auricle : Auricle is a medical device company building a breakthrough neurostimulation implant to restore hearing in millions of patients who no longer benefit from hearing aids, get less than 60% on a word recognition test, but aren't prepared to make the jump to a cochlear implant. Our approach preserves remaining natural hearing through a reversible and less invasive surgery, addressing the key concerns that hold most patients back from getting a cochlear implant (currently the only treatment option for these patients). The company spun out of Stanford Biodesign having completed two acute human clinical studies demonstrating the approach will work. The team is now focused on developing their full implant system for their first clinical trial. Auricle addresses a currently unserved profile of hearing loss that affects a growing population of 3.5 million patients in the US and represents an immediately accessible $1.2B market opportunity with existing reimbursement.
1036. double-robotics : Double Robotics is the creator of Double, the world’s leading telepresence robot. We help telecommuters feel more connected to their colleagues by giving them a physical presence wherever they need to be. Having your own Double in the office means you can be free to roam around anywhere without scheduling a call or meeting. Double takes everything you love about video calls on an iPad and places that on a mobile base that puts the remote worker in control. By combining cutting edge technology with an intuitive, elegant design, Double is the ultimate tool for telecommuters. Our mission is to connect the world through remote experiences. http://www.doublerobotics.com info@doublerobotics.com
1037. semantix : 
1038. nanograb : Nanograb is a computational drug discovery company that uses AI to generate the best combination of binders to treat different diseases. Our product allows drugs to be targeted to very specific areas of the body.
1039. melty : We're building Chorus, a Mac app that lets you chat with O1, Claude, Perplexity, Deepseek, and others on your desktop. Find the right model for each task, get more creativity without copy–pasting prompts, and get more reliability without manually comparing model outputs.
1040. cleartax : Our mission is to simplify finances, save money and time for millions of Indian businesses and people. We are a technology company that builds trusted, useful and insightful platforms for our clients to run their finances and improve their relationship with money.
1041. lobby : Selling healthcare products online is hard. You need accurate health data to serve customers. Getting this data is extremely difficult. We are building a network of locations that companies can use to collect this health data and onboard their customers. Today our focus is the $270B health tourism industry. We help health tourism clinics onboard customers coming from the UK. Our licensed guides help them collect dental scans and other important health data. They use this data to create personalised treatment plans.
1042. cashboard : 
1043. unsurvey : 
1044. yotta : Users save money, get over 2x the national average in interest and weekly chances to win additional prizes up to $10 million through weekly random number drawings.
1045. instalab : Instalab gives you direct access to all the preventative tests you need to do this year to stay on top of your health. Trusted by tens of thousands of top-performing founders, executives, and professional athletes.
1046. justspotted : The artist-formerly-known-as Scoopler is a real-time search engine. It aggregates and organizes content being shared on the Internet as it happens, like eye-witness reports of breaking news, photos and videos from big events, and links to the hottest memes of the day. It does this by constantly indexing live updates from services including Twitter, Flickr, Digg, Delicious and more. When users search for a topic on Scoopler, they get the most relevant results, updated in real-time. Scoopler has now become JustSpotted, a celebrity-tracking tool, meant to give fans an idea of what their favorite celebrities are up to at any given moment. JustSpotted, like Scoopler, is a data-aggregator, yet JustSpotted collects from Twitter, Facebook, and Foursquare -- alongside their own data theyâ€™ll be collecting from users who actual spot celebrities in the wild. All the information we aggregate is publicly available and you can even do a search on Twitter yourself and find sightings of celebrities. We're just the first people to organize it on a map and in such a way that it's easy to consume and ENJOY.â€ JustSpotted is about connecting with celebs. All the sightings on our website are naturally occurring events where an everyday person bumps into a celebrity as a chance occurrence. Back in the day, when you saw a celebrity while you were out and about the first thing you would have done was phone or text a friend. In the new age of social media, the first thing you do is share it on Facebook or Twitter. This phenomena is already happening. The service, which launches the week of October 11, 2010, is the latest creation by AJ Asver, Dilan Jarawardane and Benjamin Tauber.
1047. bento : Bento empowers b2b SaaS companies to give customers great in-product onboarding, 10x faster than building it in house. From set-up, to trying out a new workflow, Bento's onboarding guides give users a home base to track progress, pull in a co-worker to help (looking at you, IT), and go back to the steps they've done before.
1048. zentail : Zentail makes adding online sales channels for ecommerce brands as simple as adding a friend on Facebook. Our mission is to make ecommerce simple and we do it with our ecommerce network that automates away all of the work getting a listing formatted for different marketplaces with different requirements.
1049. ravn : Ravn is a DefenseTech company building a heads-up display for soldiers that will allow them to see around corners. In doing so, we allow them to see the enemy and react while they're still behind cover. Our lightweight heads-up display displays videos feeds from a camera on a gun, to drones, robots or other external platforms. Our heads-up display will become a soldier's most relied upon computer. We currently have four team members, all very experienced in their respective fields. Jake, the Founder, is a former Navy SEAL and understands the market and product. Our Chief Science Officer, Karl Guttag, is an industry leader in the optics and display space. Our VPs of Software and Hardware are both very experienced in their fields. Our primary technology focus is on peer-to-peer applications, near eye optics and displays, cameras/sensors/IoT, and UI/UX (hardware and software).
1050. petcube : Petcube is a company reimagining pet care, and using technology to keep people connected with their pets. Its first product, Petcube Camera, is an interactive pet monitor with real time video and built-in laser pointer. It allows pet owners to watch, talk to, and play with their pet from their smartphone, no matter where they are. Founded in Kyiv in 2013, Petcube was funded on Kickstarter and became one of the most successful crowdfunding pet products in history. Since graduating from the prestigious Y-Combinator incubation program, Petcube has gone on to launch two additional products, Petcube Play and Petcube Bites, as well as a cloud video recording service, Petcube Care. Petcube products are available online and in stores including Brookstone, Best Buy, and Petco.
1051. synvivia : Synvivia applies chemical control over cell behavior. This allows us to optimize biomanufacturing of high-value biopharmaceutical products.
1052. telophase : 
1053. random-labs : We are building a fully local opensource software engineer. Software thrives on opensource tools and it's only right that this technology be built for all to use.
1054. taylor-ai : Taylor is the control panel for enriching unstructured text in real-time. Business leaders and developers use Taylor to label and build products around their free text without the infrastructure and maintenance overhead. Why Taylor? Our customers previously relied on LLMs for tagging, extracting, and enriching data. They soon hit rate limits, high latency, and accuracy issues (LLMs are optimized for generative tasks, not structured high-accuracy workflows). With Taylor, teams get access to our proprietary models purpose-built for text classification and entity extraction.
1055. tap-to-learn : When we began our first experiments with using Mobile devices a few years ago we were very excited by the possibility of learning in nontraditional manner. The beauty of effectiveness of the iPhone first and the iPad platforms gave shape to our vision of building beautiful apps, designed to build learning for your iPhone, iPod touch and iPad Devices. Each of our apps are extremely easy to use, focus on just one area of learning using interactivity and add an element to fun while learning.
1056. lumina : 🚀 Lumina💧 (YC W22) is a fast growing job platform in Southeast Asia with 1.5 million workers, helping 30k companies recruit and optimize at scale. 🤖 We are now expanding globally with Lumibot, a bespoke AI+human-powered automation service. We help companies automate mundane, repetitive processes with AI and human-in-the-loop catering for various use cases in data ops and complex workflows. This allows your business to focus on your core and grow faster, better and cheaper. 👌Our AI-powered automation start with USD 13/hour, supplemented with human-in-the-loop at USD 2-6/hour. Our services are managed based on SLAs by dedicated service managers under a prepaid credit system without arduous contracts for optimum flexibility. No minimum commitment with fully-refundable deposit from as low as USD 500^. 🛠️ We currently support the following use cases: 1) operations support 2) revenue operations support 3) web and social media management 4) email management 5) content moderation 6) AI training and verification 7) AI text humanization 8) custom process automation ... with more to come ... 👥️️ Lumibot (by Lumina) is backed by Y-Combinator, Monk's Hill Ventures, Alpha JWC, Goodwater Capital, SWC Global and January Capital. More information about us: * 💬 WA: https://wa.me/message/SEMGBRM22MDYK1 * 📅 CAL: https://usemotion.com/meet/aswin-andrison/global * 🌐 WEB: https://www.lumibot.com ^ Reach out to us on special deals ONLY for YC companies!
1057. healthsherpa : 
1058. kaymbu : Kaymbu is the leading visual messaging and authentic assessment platform for early education. From photo sharing to student portfolios, school newsletters and dynamic photo books, Kaymbu connects early childhood educators with young, digital-native parents. Kaymbu captures the essence of student development and strengthens relationships between home and school.
1059. hybrd : HYBRD is Strava for modern athletes who do more than just cardio. It brings all your training data together by integrating with top wearables and uses AI to make tracking weightlifting easy. This allows athletes to fully understand their training load, track holistic progress over time, and compete with friends in fresh, exciting ways. Existing products tend to focus on only one type of exercise—either cardio or strength—leaving hybrid athletes juggling disconnected tools. As hybrid athletes themselves the founders found this frustrating and set out to build the unified approach they needed for their training. Three of HYBRD’s founders previously worked at WHOOP, each leading teams across product, growth and analytics. In parallel, Mats was a member of the US national rowing team and Ben, Shoe and Ruiters have all completed Ironman 70.3s.
1060. praxis-ai : Praxis AI builds manufacturing specific agents capable of reasoning and processing complex situations. Our engineering copilot predicts and prevents machine failures in real time by solving problems the same way an engineer would. Our agents have access to and make sense of the structured and unstructured data that exists at factories including machine sensor data, maintenance manuals and work orders. Our simplified interface enables manufacturing teams with minimal AI knowledge to create custom complex workflows on the machinery they know is critical to their operations. Early results have shown that Praxis can help manufacturers reduce their unplanned production downtimes by as much as 25%. Existing solutions focus on dashboards and complex charts. We know that dashboards don't cut costs, actions do.
1061. angstrom-ai : Angstrom AI builds GenAI-based molecular simulations to substitute wet lab experiments in the pre-clinical drug development pipeline. We are a team of 2 PhD's and 2 Professors from the University of Cambridge who decided to start a company together after we realised how to combine breakthoughs in our research in quantum-accurate models of physics and generative AI models. Our Biotech/Pharma clients can verify the efficacy and safety of new drug candidates using our computer simulations, which match the accuracy of wet lab experiments, but are over 100x faster. We achieve this accuracy by constraining our genAI-based simulations to obey the laws of physics, avoiding the hallucinations seen in other GenAI technologies. Since joining YC, Angstrom AI has developed the first physically accurate gen-AI based simulation of multiple molecules interacting. We have published the first molecule water solubility results with accuracy within the error range of wet lab experiments. We have also kicked-off a 150K pilot project with a pharma company to apply our tech to estimating solubility in their drug development pipeline.
1062. immunity-project : We're developing a free vaccine to cure HIV and AIDs. Immunity Project is a non-profit initiative dedicated to developing an HIV vaccine. We hacked the HIV life cycle to develop a vaccine that gives you the same power as HIV controllers. With success in our clinical trials, our goal is to give our vaccine away to the world for free.
1063. coderhouse : A web app that offers live online courses in programming, design, data, online marketing and more. Our courses are nearly as affordable as online Moocs (~$40 a month) and as effective as Bootcamps. We achieve this by running 100 person live classes with one expert professor and one mentor per 15 students. Every class, students need to turn in assignments that are corrected by their mentors and at the end of the course they need to turn in and approve a final project. We also help our selected students with careers services such as mockup interviews, Linkedin enhancement, and more. All of this creates a level of accountability that allows us to achieve really low churn levels (<9%). Our career tracks last between 9-11 months and we give our selected students their money back in case they don't get a job 6 months after they are done with the course.
1064. insight-data-science : The Insight Data Science Fellows Program is an intensive seven week post-doctoral training fellowship bridging the gap to new careers in Data Science, Data Engineering, Health Data, and AI in Silicon Valley, New York City, Boston, Seattle and across the US with our Remote program. Insight is a Palo Alto based education startup, funded by Y Combinator and SV Angel, with 1000 alumni at hundreds of companies including Facebook, Netflix, LinkedIn, Twitter, The New York Times, Apple, Airbnb, Microsoft, Capital One, NBC, Memorial Sloan Kettering, and many others.
1065. ivycheck : IvyCheck helps you extract hidden insights from your data and ensures high data quality and consistency. Use Generative AI in your data warehouse to transform data at scale.
1066. trela : Trela is the consumer app with the highest NPS in Brazil and the grocer with the highest NPS worldwide — 91. Our mission is to help people eat better. We are curating the highest-quality food and beverage products in Brazil and implementing a just-in-time supply chain that maximizes freshness and minimizes waste of everything we sell. At Trela, you will find a one-stop shop for healthy groceries in São Paulo, all delivered to your doorstep at the most competitive prices. We are fortunate to work with some of the leading technology investors in Latin America and the world, including SoftBank, Kaszek, General Catalyst and Y Combinator.
1067. tag : TAG is setting new standards and changing the way Pakistan banks by building a digital bank for the masses, with an aim to encompass the entire financial life of users, from basic banking such as bank account and Visa Debit card to employer payrolls, salary advances, savings, and neo-brokerage in future.
1068. furmacy : 
1069. elevate : We provide US based USD deposit accounts that sit with a licensed banking partner. Elevate's FDIC-insured USD accounts offer ACH, wire inbound and outbound payments, and a free Mastercard debit card. Our regional payout partners enable our users to send their money back home at very low cost. We're targetting non-US residents in emerging markets who struggle to get paid in USD.
1070. partnered : Partnered is the exclusive digital network connecting leading brands and emerging tech companies. Visit Partnered.com to request access.
1071. sohar-health : Sohar Health is an AI-driven front-end RCM solution that transforms insurance verification processes for healthcare providers, enabling faster patient conversions and reducing administrative workloads. With a 95% automation rate, our API-first platform seamlessly integrates into existing workflows to provide real-time claim accuracy and eligibility checks. Key performance metrics showcase the power of our technology: Median latency of just 6 seconds, ensuring real-time eligibility; over 90% of checks returned within 30 seconds for increased patient conversion; 96% accuracy in identifying and verifying benefits details; Industry-leading 99% accuracy for eligibility determination; >90% carve-out detection rate, mitigating surprise billing risks; a 60% success rate with our Insurance Discovery API, helping identify coverage for self-pay patients. Our customers include outpatient clinics, specialty practices, and digital health platforms looking to streamline front-end claim management. By reducing errors and maximizing clean claim submissions, Sohar Health empowers healthcare organizations to convert and retain more patients, reduce operating costs, and increase their top-line revenue.
1072. valink-therapeutics : Valink Therapeutics develops next generation antibody-based therapeutics. We identify novel mechanism of action from known targets by incorporating multiple antibody modifications at once, rapidly and scalable generating complex drug candidates (bi-/multispecificity, multivalency and drug-conjugation in a single discovery process). Our research focus is on solid tumours poorly addressed by immunotherapy.
1073. superb-ai : Superb AI helps you effortlessly label, manage, and curate training datasets for computer vision and makes rapid, consistent iteration a reality.
1074. aptible : At Aptible, we envision a world where developers achieve more with less infrastructure. We’re building the platform that empowers developers at companies of all stages of development to move beyond the traditional method of managing infrastructure—DIY with expert infrastructure and platform engineers on AWS, GCP, or Azure. We’ve done this through our secure, compliant, reliable, and scalable Platform as a Service that’s been used by thousand of developers, hundreds of companies, and dozens of publicly traded and unicorn companies since 2013.
1075. propelauth : PropelAuth provides the right level of authentication for all stages of a company. New startups can use our hosted pre-built UIs which provide the simplest possible integration. Out of the box, our customers immediately have the same auth experience as large tech companies like Slack. As those startups grow, they can use our APIs and component libraries to pull aspects of the experience into their product. More than just authentication, we will also provide useful functions tied to a "user" or "organization", like analytics, billing/subscriptions, referral programs, etc.
1076. cloudanix : We help DevOps teams to improve the security of their Cloud infrastructure. Our solution value increases for companies using multi-cloud (like GCP, Azure, AWS) or have multi-accounts (like Dev, Test, Prod)
1077. avenue : Avenue is a simple way for business teams to set up alerts from their database or data warehouse. Think Datadog / PagerDuty for operations teams. Operations teams create set-and-forget alerts on all their data, so they can be more proactive with their time (and monitor on more nuanced triggers than just what fits on their dashboard page). Avenue can improve response times to critical problems from several days to real-time by alerting directly on the data sources that customers already use.
1078. click-and-grow : Click & Grow is an innovative, international company that’s changing the way people think about plant cultivation and food. Our unique line of Smart Gardens and Wall Farms uses automatically controlled technology and specially developed Smart Soil to keep oxygen, water, and nutritional ingredients at optimal levels so plants thrive naturally. This helps anyone effortlessly grow plants with complete success and no need for GMOs, pesticides, fungicides, insecticides, plant hormones, or any other suspicious substances. Venture-backed, and a favorite of Wired, TechCrunch, Business Insider and more, Click & Grow boasts a forward-thinking team, based in the San Francisco Bay Area, and Tallinn and Tartu, Estonia. Our current products are the first steps towards a greater revolution in urban farming, gardening, and beyond.
1079. avion : Avion is a drone-based digital health platform, designed to bridge the gap between remote clinics and urban healthcare infrastructures. By connecting these isolated clinics with sophisticated labs and well-stocked pharmacies in cities, Avion brings a new era of remote diagnostics and prescription fulfilment. Avion ensures the rapid, safe, and efficient delivery of vital medical supplies and clinical samples, even to the most hard-to-reach locations. Avion's operation uniquely combines cutting-edge autonomous drone technology with digital health platforms. Our drones, built with advanced eVTOL capabilities, ensure seamless take-off and landing capabilities, even in challenging terrains. Avion's digital health platform serves as the connective tissue between urban health centers and remote clinics. The platform features an intuitive interface, making it easy for healthcare providers to order necessary supplies, track shipments, and even communicate with laboratory and pharmacy staff.
1080. gridware : Gridware exists to enhance and protect the mother of all networks: the electrical grid. The grid touches everyone and makes our modern economy possible. But it’s also fragile. When the grid is compromised, everything grinds to a halt, and the consequences can be dire: wildfires burn, land is destroyed, property is damaged, progress stops, and lives are lost. Our team builds smart sensors that help utility companies to immediately detect, find, and fix outages and take steps to prevent new outages, and other related disasters, from happening at all. The need for power will only increase. We protect the grid of today while we build the grid of tomorrow. Gridware is privately held and backed by the best climate-tech and Silicon Valley investors. We are headquartered in the Bay Area in northern California.
1081. bristle : 
1082. dating-ring : We're a Y Combinator W'14 class. We use matchmakers to set up group dates. What Uber has done for transportation - we're doing for dating. Members can book high quality dates on their schedule with the click of a button. Dating Ring is live in NYC and SF and will be launching next in Boston and LA.
1083. flike : Flike trains AI models on your product marketing knowledge, enabling your sales team to generate relevant&hyper-personalized emails that are aligned with your brand voice throughout the entire sales funnel (from cold outbound to upselling). And we're already partnering with some of the largest YC companies.
1084. predictleads : PredictLeads provides structured data on companies. Using our data Sales teams can discover companies in their buy mode, Quant funds know when to perform trades and VCs can predict when a startup will be raising a new round. PredictLeads cuts down their market research time. Our goal is to structure the sea of public information on companies.
1085. elphinstone-inc : We're building the equivalent of 401ks for Pakistan as the first step towards building a comprehensive wealth management platform for the country.
1086. pico : Screenshots are the fastest way to save something on your phone. Millions of people habitually screenshot things they like or might revisit - even if they never do. It's like throwing a pass to your future self that you aren't going to catch. Pico knows that your plane ticket and hotel listing are for the same trip, to grab the link for that headline so you can read it later, or to find that product online so you can buy it.
1087. hyperink : Hyperink, the San Francisco based self-publishing platform, wants to unlock and sell that untapped information by giving every citizen the ability to publish a book.
1088. spark-studio : Meet Sparky, a fun and quirky AI buddy in the avatar of a friendly fox who kids can just speak with to build fluency and confidence with English speaking. Powered by Generative AI, and made magical with child-appropriate experience, features and topics, Sparky brings a whole world of knowledge and a judgement-free environment for kids to become comfortable with speaking English. 142 countries (outside English dominant countries) mandate English learning as part of the national education policy. These kids have exposure to English but feel underconfident and embarrassed to speak. The biggest problem across the classes and books they get, is the lack of real conversational practice. With AI, we're making this affordable accessible and enjoyable for kids across the world. We're a passionate team of educators with over 30 years of combined experience in building education products for kids and have held leadership positions are India's biggest education companies - Byju's and LEAD.
1089. bunkerhill-health : Bunkerhill is a Sequoia/Felicis/YC-backed company whose goal is to increase the adoption of AI in healthcare, in order to help doctors catch deadly diseases earlier. Bunkerhill Health has built a consortium of research institutions (Stanford, Johns Hopkins, Harvard, etc.), who develop and validate AI algorithms seamlessly under our legal umbrella (less than one week of setup time for a new project when using the Bunkerhill consortium, versus a year or more for projects outside the consortium). Bunkerhill then manages the FDA clearance and commercial sales process for the algorithms that these institutions develop and validate with us. We’ve signed commercial contracts and deployed algorithms with the world’s leading health systems—UCSF, Mayo Clinic, Georgetown/MedStar, and several others. These algorithms help doctors identify patients earlier than has otherwise been possible, leading to better treatment outcomes (early clinical screening for heart disease, pancreatic cancer, etc.) We’re backed by world class investors: Sequoia, Felicis, SVAngel, Optum Ventures, Max Levchin (co-founder of PayPal and Affirm), YC, DCVC, and Pacific8.
1090. leaping-ai : With our platform, you can create and deploy voice AI agents, automating complex use cases and high call volume. We automated contact centers employing >100 human agents and now handle 70% of their incoming customer support and sales calls end-to-end. All while maintaining 90% customer satisfaction score. For another company, our voice AI agents were able to convert 30% of contacted leads within a week of the outbound campaign. A similar campaign with humans previously took that same company 5 weeks.
1091. defer : Defer enables Node.js developers to move slow code out of the user's journey. Its simple and well-documented API enables developers to improve web applications' performance in a few minutes instead of days. Bryan and Charly noticed that all companies end up building similar abstractions and dashboards over the existing open-source (BullMQ) or commercial solutions (AWS SQS + Lambdas) to support background jobs, CRONs, and workflows. Defer brings a full-featured and managed platform with a Vercel-like developer experience that comes with an operational dashboard, enabling developers to focus on product work. After building the self-serve version of Defer in 8 weeks and onboarding 5 paying customers, their recent HN launch brought 250+ users and a warm welcome from the Node.js community with the 2 biggest newsletters featuring Defer and tech influencers spreading the word. Defer is now available as a Node.js solution but aims to become a cross-language reference.
1092. zenflow : Forty million men in the US and over 500 million worldwide suffer from urinary obstruction related to benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). The majority of men will experience symptoms of this disease at some point in life. BPH, also known as prostate enlargement, leads to urinary straining, frequency, urgency, and sleep disruption. Despite the high prevalence and significant quality of life burden of BPH, established treatments are limited to drugs, which have limited effectiveness, and surgery, which carries a high risk of sexual side effects. The Zenflow Spring is a small implant delivered in the urologist's office in a simple procedure that provides quick and long-lasting symptom relief.
1093. weekday : We help companies hire by building a highly curated list of engineering candidates for them; crowdsourced by our network of software engineers who moonlight as “mini-recruiters” or scouts. Our product enables anyone to become that scout and earn passive income.
1094. spline : Easily create and publish 3D for multiple platforms. Build and iterate fast with production-ready results.
1095. nomiku : Founded in 2012, Nomiku invented the home sous vide immersion circulator and are make it connected. Proudly manufactured in the United States, Nomiku’s quality is renowned in the culinary world and put to the test in thousands of homes and the best restaurants in the world every night. Chefs on Main Street, Michelin-starred restaurants, and most everywhere in between have been dazzling diners with their sous vide creations for years. Nomiku led the way for people to use it at home in 2012 with the invention of the home sous vide immersion circulator funded by two successful Kickstarter projects totaling over $1.3M raised. They turned this modernist gadget into a useful everyday kitchen tool by dramatically reducing the price of the machine and redesigning it from the bottom up for at-home functionality. Five years later, the sous vide machine is turning into a mainstream darling and the advent of the Nomiku Sous Chef Meal delivery program (launching on May 15, 2017) breaks the last barriers to make sous vide accessible to everybody. The Nomiku Sous Chef launch comes at the heels of Samsung Ventures participating in an investment round in the startup. Nomiku is a partner of the Samsung Family Hub 2.0 program and allows for app integration into their smart kitchen offering.
1096. parallel-bio : Parallel Bio created a human 'immune system in a dish' to discover drugs and immunotherapies more likely to work in patients. Our platform has all of the same elements as a human immune system, meaning you can test drugs and vaccines as if you were testing them in actual patients from the start. The biggest reason why 95% of new drugs fail is that they were tested in mice - but with our human platform, pharma companies will know which drugs will successfully treat patients, speeding up the process and reducing the cost. To date our platform has successfully been used to test 12 drugs, and vaccines against 8 different diseases. The company is founded by Robert DiFazio, a former Stanford R&D director with a PhD in immunology, and Juliana Hilliard, a former System1 Biosciences R&D lead with an MSc in bioengineering, both of whom have led drug discovery programs for years.
1097. klarismo : Fully-automated Quantitative MR Image Analysis. Our software converts a user’s full body magnetic resonance scan (MRI) into a 3D virtual model of their body in the cloud. The model is annotated with explanatory information so they can easily explore and learn about different parts of their body. Klarismo is the only provider of MR analytics that can offer truly scalable analysis for large data collections. Cloud-based processing allows 1000s of acquisitions to be analyzed simultaneously. Machine learning techniques utilize Klarismo’s proprietary collection of labelled MRI data and eliminate the need for manual processing to produce precise volumetric measurements. Klarismo specializes in the detailed analysis of body composition, including volumetric measurements of different muscle and fat tissues, from whole-body acquisitions.
1098. powerus : PowerUs helps skilled blue-collar workers like electricians and mechanics to find better full-time jobs. With only 10 minutes of effort, our users get job offers that pay them up to 50% more than they are making today.
1099. embedly : Embedly provides a platform and suite of tools to make embedding and previewing links simple. Embedly helps publishers and consumers manage embed codes from more than 100 Websites and APIs, including YouTube, Flickr, Ustream, Picassa, Hulu, Twitpic, Quantcast, and CrunchBase. It automatically convert links from these sources into embedded media on the fly.
1100. cerebrium : Cerebrium is a serverless infrastructure platform for AI applications. We make it easier for companies to build and deploy AI based applications. We offer Serverless GPU's with low cold start times, over 12 varieties of GPU chips, allow you to run large scale batch jobs, run realtime voice applications and much more. We are used by the teams at Tavus, CivitAI, Twilio and many more. Customers typically experience 40% in cost savings when compared to using traditional cloud providers and can scale models to more than 10K requests per minute with minimal engineering overhead.
1101. farmako-healthcare : We are India's fastest medicine delivery service. We deliver medicines in just 30 minutes. We have built highly optimized pharmacy stores and a set of internal tools designed to process prescriptions quickly. We also provide easy-to-integrate APIs and SDK for anyone to start a virtual pharmacy without needing a license, pharmacy, or delivery fleet. Any doctor, teleconsultation app, or EMR provider can start delivering medicines to their patients on WhatsApp or App using our service in the background. We have more than 80 B2B partners, including India's top teleconsultation apps, EMR providers, hospitals, elderly care apps, and insurance providers. We operate 24/7 in Gurgaon, New Delhi, and Moradabad and deliver over 15,000 orders monthly. So far, we have processed more than 250K orders and done thousands of life-saving deliveries. We started in 2020 with the vision to build a centralized health record system for India. We had an AI-powered EMR app for doctors and a SaaS for diagnostic labs to add patients' medical records to Farmako Health ID. We have more than 3M health records added on Farmako. In 2022, the Indian government launched ABHA Health ID and we became one of the first official partners with them. In 2023, we launched quick medicine delivery and decided to move forward with ABHA Health ID for medical records. Now, we are building a safe health assistant inside our medicine delivery app, which will be connected to your Health ID and all your past medical records. Our goal is to make it a super-safe and accurate health assistant for the world, which can eliminate your doctor in the long run for all primary care issues.
1102. cekura : Cekura is an AI web agent that ensures SaaS product documentation stays up-to-date. We help knowledge and customer success teams save 100+ hours per week.
1103. botbuilt : BotBuilt is creating flexible robotic systems to solve the housing crisis. Our cutting-edge software and cost-efficient hardware allow us to improve the world by providing beautiful construction, safer job sites, and sustainable building techniques. The $600 billion residential construction industry is facing a massive labor shortage. Our robotic systems leverage the latest in rapid prototyping, artificial intelligence, and computer vision. By taking on some of the hardest technical challenges on earth, BotBuilt is ready to help solve one of society’s biggest problems.
1104. colab : CoLab is on a mission to accelerate the pace of innovation by helping engineering teams deliver better products faster. CoLab’s Design Engagement System (DES) enables engineering teams to have more effective design conversations, and ultimately make better engineering decisions. CoLab is trusted by Fortune 500 organizations like Komatsu, Polaris, Johnson Controls, Hyundai Mobis, Schneider Electric and Lockheed Martin.
1105. rare-door : Rare Door is an ecommerce platform that helps user discover and buy great products available in nearby stores.
1106. sendhub : SendHub makes business communication fast, simple, and effective. Our complete online business SMS messaging solution helps thousands of companies communicate more effectively with on-the-go workforces, customers, and more. SendHub is a Y-Combinator graduate, and is backed by Menlo Ventures, Kapor Capital, 500 startups, the Seraph Group, Paul Buchheit, Eric Ries, Jawed Karim and Jeb Bush.
1107. briefer : Briefer helps data scientists and analysts build interactive visualizations and data apps using a Notion-like interface. Connect to your data sources, write SQL or Python, collaborate through comments and multiplayer editing, and run code in whichever compute environments you need.
1108. sameplan : Sameplan is a customer-facing collaboration tool that enables sales teams to align with prospects, increase efficiency, and close more business. Enterprise deals can be very complex, rather than managing these high-value relationships over email, Sameplan acts as the central hub for the deal.
1109. buildspace : we’re the largest place where you give your idea a shot. and, we mean any idea — a hip-hop album, short film, a novel, some indie software, a youtube channel — whatever. no idea is too big or too small. it all starts with nights & weekends. it's six-weeks where you can start any idea from zero on your nights and weekends, and by the end you'll have your first fans, revenue, downloads, whatever. in 2023: - 12M+ ppl saw our content across Instagram and Twitter. - more than 30,000 people joined nights & weekends to work on their own ideas. - 1,000 people flew to meet us and others like them for 3-days. and, we had 1,000 people come out to one of our physical, 3-day events. to get a sense of what this all looks like in practice, see our video for season four [here](https://twitter.com/FarzaTV/status/1719091708775059754). we even built a [physical campus](https://twitter.com/FarzaTV/status/1678561092308705281) for people who want to go full-time on their idea and need place to figure it out -- again, we don't care how big or small the idea is. overall, it's been a journey. so, now what? in 2023, we built up massive distribution. it was all about creating really high-quality content + experiences. but, it was all very one-off. in 2024, we're fully focused on taking all our learnings and building a world class product. a product that can help millions pursue their passions and build their ideas. and, we're looking for talented engineers and designers to help us figure it out.
1110. selia : Selia Connects individuals and certified psychologists and psychiatrists with an online platform for one-on-one therapy delivered via video call. Selia offers convenient and affordable access to a fully-credentialed network of highly qualified providers while giving individuals self-guided tools, journaling and mood tracking to help them achieve their goals. We created Selia to address the unmet and growing demand for mental health services for Spanish speaking Latam everywhere. Our business-to-consumer (“B2C”) channel, made of individual consumers who pay directly to our platform, and our business-to-business (“B2B”) channel, that consist from start ups to enterprise clients such as Experian, Starbucks, Habi and more
1111. edusight : Edusight’s mission is to understand how students learn. Through its analytics and digital portfolio product, Edusight has impacted over 300,000 K-12 students across 40 countries. Edusight received venture capital funding from Imagine K12, the education vertical within Y Combinator.
1112. therecraft : 
1113. sizeless : Sizeless is a platform to help ML teams automatically run, test and improve their models to make ML reproducible and safe. Currently, ML engineers do this manually which takes weeks - we automate this down to a few clicks. ML engineers at Google shopping and computer vision startups are using our platform to shorten their ML development cycle and continuously monitor and fine tune their models. We provide ML engineers with a productivity tool set, so that they can focus on building great ML models. We developed this tool during our PhDs (Cornelius in ML at ETH Zurich and Roger in astrophysics at Cambridge), saving us and our PhD colleagues around 2 weeks per model while generating actionable insights. We launched 10 days ago, have 5 daily active users like ML engineering teams at Google Shopping and in computer vision startups and more than 50 sign ups on our waitlist. We provide ML engineers with a productivity tool set, so that they can focus on building great ML models.
1114. pillar : Pillar is a white-label care enablement solution transforming how organizations scale engagement with their resources. Our mobile-friendly experience centralizes access to their suite of healthcare services, digital benefits and educational programming, while surfacing the right resource at the right time using automated navigation workflows. Pillar’s platform simultaneously captures engagement, satisfaction and utilization data, enabling our partners to maximize the value of their resources and improve operational efficiency. For organizations seeking human-led engagement, Pillar offers staffing and placement solutions from our leading workforce of over 1,000 vetted health coaching providers.
1115. floworks : Floworks (https://floworks.ai) is building a suite of AI employees that helps business to run several business functions such as sales, on autopilot. Our flagship product, Alisha is an AI SDR that performs the full outbound SDR job- fully autonomously without any human involvement. Our AI SDR Alisha can perform ICP research, find out prospect lists, research about each prospect across 180 web sources, write highly personalized emails to each, follow and engage, and finally coordinate like a human to book sales calls. Businesses using Alisha get 3 key benefits: 1.⁠ ⁠They get 12x output from your existing sales team. 2.⁠ ⁠⁠Are able to scale to 8 figure revenues with just a single AE. Alisha is built on our proprietary function calling model ThorV2 (https://floworks.ai/research) that outperforms both Claude 3 and GPT-4 function calling in accuracy by 13% and 43% respectively. At the same time, ThorV2 uses only a fraction of the cost (<40%) and time/latency (<78%) as the other models. Our second AI employee, Ashley, is an AI Executive Assistant that keeps you reminded and on top of your on your schedule. Works on your whim- just command Flowy to book a meeting, move a meeting or write a email, and it does without you having to navigate through every apps. You can teach Flowy specific workflows such as ‘inform me immediately if i receive a reply from xyz’, “show my unread emails from last day every morning 7am” and much more Our third AI employee, Romona is a helpful AI Revenue Operations Manager that keeps track of every CRM data updation on behalf of your team, works on your instruction to update notes, next steps, MEDDIC after every call, does periodic CRM reporting and much more.
1116. super-send : Super Send is a powerful outreach automation platform designed to streamline and scale your prospecting efforts across multiple channels, including email, LinkedIn, and Twitter. With features like dynamic personalization, email warming, inbox rotation, and advanced analytics, Super Send enables businesses to connect with leads efficiently while maintaining a human touch. Whether you’re running A/B tests, managing campaigns, or optimizing deliverability, Super Send provides the tools you need to maximize engagement and grow your business
1117. lob : Lob provides the building blocks for developers to automate the offline world. Enterprise companies use Lob’s suite of APIs to mail fully dynamic and personalized customer communications with print media. We provide insight into deliverability with piece-by-piece tracing and utilize our proprietary Print Delivery Network to streamline production across fully redundant nodes all over the country. Founded in 2013 and based in San Francisco, Lob is venture backed by Y Combinator, Polaris Partners, Floodgate, and First Round Capital. Find out more about Lob and what we’re up to by following our blog: https://lob.com/blog or visiting our website: https://lob.com.
1118. manaflow : Manaflow enables businesses to build and automate internal tool workflows involving data, APIs, and actions with AI agents using natural language. Manaflow replaces the boring, manual internal tools of the past with a new paradigm of internal tools built for and operated by AI agents instead of human operations teams. Let AI agents tackle repetitive research tasks, data consolidation, analytical reports, and database actions while you focus on the bigger picture for your company. Stop wasting engineering resources on boring internal tools that require even more human resources to operate them.
1119. codehs : CodeHS is a comprehensive teaching platform for helping schools teach computer science. We provide web-based curriculum, teacher tools and resources, and professional development.
1120. smarthelio : SmartHelio provides a software that helps solar utilities automatically predict and prevent downtime disruptions. We help solar utilities to generate extra $200k per plant income on $10k spent using our software, by preventing 700 faults per year. We have a platform which reads live data (current, voltage, weather parameters) from a solar plant, runs algorithms to decouple various factors for the underperformance and provides recommendations to fix it. This data is 100% available for the large scale solar in the world just using software (e.g. APIs). Product launch: https://www.producthunt.com/posts/heliocloud Our cloud software is being used by 40+ leading solar developers in Europe and Asia. We have analyzed 25+ billion of data points from over 3 GW of solar assets spread across the globe in the last 2 years.
1121. vacationhomerents : VacationHomeRents helps users explore and compare vacation rental options across many listing platforms such as Airbnb, VRBO, Booking.com, etc.
1122. sensei : Sensei helps robotics companies scale and outsource their training data collection. Our hardware platform enables the collection of human-demonstration data at a tenth of the cost and twice the speed of current teleop approaches. Our software platform acts like Scale AI for robotics data: a large network of paid human operators use our low-cost collection platform to fulfill data-generation requests.
1123. sentiyen : At Sentiyen, we build GPT-based AI assistants that are trained on your content and enable your audience to get the answers they need 24 hours a day. We allow creators and businesses scale themselves to unlimited 1:1 conversations with potential customers, which helps increase revenue, reduce spend, and improve customer satisfaction.
1124. 7cups : 7 Cups of Tea is an on-demand emotional health and well-being service. Our bridging technology anonymously & securely connects real people to real listeners in one-on-one chat. Anyone who wants to talk about whatever is on their mind can quickly reach out to a trained, compassionate listener through our network. We have hundreds of listeners who come from all walks of life and have diverse experiences. People connect with listeners on 7 Cups of Tea for all kinds of reasons, from big existential thoughts to small, day-to-day things that we all experience. Unlike talking to family or friends, a 7 Cups of Tea listener doesn’t judge or try to solve problems and say what to do. Our listeners just listen. They understand. They give you the space you need to help you clear your head.
1125. insoma-bio : 
1126. inquery-2 : InQuery is an operating system for the insurance industry built from the ground-up to leverage modern language processing techniques to improve claims handling, policy administration and distribution, and underwriting, starting with the world's first AI-native Claims Management System. Our mission is to empower the insurance industry to close the trillion dollar underinsurance gap by expanding the reach and scope of insurance products to cover the emerging risks of the 21st century.
1127. torpedo-therapeutics : We are building high-precision implantable neuromodulation devices that can sense and stimulate neural activity in the brain with the goal of transforming the efficacy and adoption of deep brain stimulation (DBS), an existing FDA-approved therapy used to treat Parkinson’s, essential tremor and epilepsy.
1128. reactwise : Our Mission: We aim to accelerate and automate chemical process development by equipping wet-lab chemists with the power of data-driven optimization and robotic execution of experiments. The Problem: The discovery of novel pharmaceuticals is one of our most important weapons in fighting disease. However, the drug development pipeline is often held up for many months during the design of chemical processes to manufacture these drugs at scale, delaying FDA trials and lengthening the time until drug launch. Designing chemical processes involves the identification of suitable parameters such as catalyst/temperature/solvent. Currently process development is often done via tedious trial-and-error experimentation (slow) or exhaustive screening (expensive and wasteful). Our Approach: In our research, we have developed algorithms for chemical process optimization, which leverage transfer learning and Bayesian optimization. We validated the algorithms in the wet lab, showing an up to 95% reduction in required experiments and cost compared to exhaustive screening. We have made our approaches accessible to chemists through our user-friendly no-code software platform and to automated laboratory equipment with our API.
1129. answerly : There is no better way to engage with potential customers than by answering their questions. InboxQ makes it easy to find people who have questions about your business, products or general industry
1130. madesolid : MadeSolid is a hardware company that develops high-quality materials with 3D printing applications. With a team of experienced chemists and engineers, the MadeSolid develops functional materials for 3D Manufacturing real products. MadeSolid is based in Emeryville, California.
1131. retool : Retool is the fast way to build internal tools.
1132. output : Output Biosciences is pioneering Biologically-Aware Generative AI to finally understand complex biological systems. Our new generative AI architecture can handle the extremely long, nonlinear, fragmented, and high dimensional data of biological systems. We are building Large Biological Models that can generate breakthrough medicines and transform the way we diagnose, treat and prevent disease.
1133. lighttwist : LightTwist is your virtual studio in the cloud. Record and stream video in a customizable virtual studio that you control from your browser.
1134. algofi : At Algofi, we're building the new financial system. Our work will reduce barriers to entry and promote democracy in the financial system.
1135. inspectify : We founded Inspectify with the goal to make a platform that helps inspectors, real estate professionals and home buyers alike. We see a tremendous opportunity to apply the latest technology to make inspectors more proficient and effective and make home inspections more engaging and value add to home buyers. We are just getting started, but are excited to provide much needed disruption in the space!
1136. frontio-by-nextui : We began with an open-source library for React developers that enables them to create beautiful and accessible interfaces (NextUI). We are now building Frontio a complete frontend-as-a-service platform to make building the frontend part of products easier, allowing teams to focus more on their product and less on design systems and frontend complexities (frontio.ai).
1137. mixed-media-labs : 
1138. blink : Blink provides same-day delivery to e-commerce companies, helping them acquiring and retaining more customers thanks to a great delivery experience. Merchants sell on their website and Blink picks-up orders directly from physical stores or from dark stores (small urban warehouses) deployed in cities. Crowdsourced riders and transportation companies complete the delivery following routes optimized in teal time. Consumers can track and personalize their delivery.
1139. epic-aerospace : 
1140. gamerpay : GamerPay is a marketplace for trading gaming skins and assets without scams. We do this by integrating with games to instantly validate all trades. We launched 3 months ago and transacted 245.000 dollars growing 30% MoM. Talking to 5.000 gamers we learned that 46% have been scammed more than once. Over half are minors, who are stuck trading for cash on social media due to their age. We are the first to build a fully compliant system for parental consent, enabling the majority of gamers to trade legally and giving the parents peace of mind. There are 215 million trades annually in games we support. We make 7 dollars on average per trade. So a $1.5B initial market, growing fast alongside gaming and blockchain game economies. The team behind previously co-founded the largest transactional marketplace for secondhand high end clothes in Denmark, with 1 million users and a yearly transacted GMV north of $40 million.
1141. weave-3 : Weave deeply understands code to quantify engineering work. We show teams how much time they spend on new features vs. bugs and which teams and individuals perform best. Then, you can dive in further without in-depth analytics like code review quality and estimation accuracy so you can start replicating best practices.
1142. ezdubs : EzDubs is a real-time speech translator. Our proprietary models translate speech without waiting for complete sentences, clone voices on the fly (without enrollments), and even replicate emotions in the translated language. Our iOS and Android apps translate live phone calls, automatically dub voice messages, and auto-translate text conversations so that you can communicate seamlessly across languages, with your voice and emotions. Thousands of users use EzDubs to communicate with friends and family who speak different languages, manage offshore teams, and even have relationships across languages. Visit https://ezdubs.ai to download our app and try a live demo of our real-time speech translator, or reach out to explore how EzDubs can integrate with your communication stack to enable live multilingual conversations.
1143. replo : Replo helps companies sell on the internet. We do this by helping marketing teams automate building and testing customer journeys using data and AI.
1144. elemeno-health : Healthcare is delivered by teams – nurses, doctors, and staff, specific to each hospital, clinic, and department. They want to do their best, but cannot keep up with constantly changing information. Burnout >50%. Unprecedented turnover. Growing medical errors (the #3 cause of death in the US). $100B+ in waste. Elemeno Health is a UCSF and Y Combinator-backed B2B SaaS for healthcare facilities– “a playbook in your pocket,” customized to support frontline teams with bite-sized training and communication at their fingertips, accessible 24/7 on any device. Our efficacy is demonstrated in our published results, passionate clients, and consistent renewals. 20x ROI. 75% decrease in medical errors.
1145. omnidock : Expanding to other geographies and marketplaces is a massive growth lever for brands and manufacturers, but it’s complex and resource-intensive. Omnidock makes it effortless for merchants to sell on multiple marketplaces by acting as their merchant of record. Brands simply plug into our operating system, which reads their catalog, assesses marketplace eligibility, and auto-launches their products through our pre-vetted marketplace accounts. We handle all transactions on their behalf, removing the challenges and complexities of multi-marketplace selling
1146. aqua : An end-to-end platform that allows financial advisors to put their clients into curated alternative assets without additional operational lift.
1147. invision-medical-technology : At InVision, we use AI to help streamline the interpretation of ultrasounds and identify diseases that may have been missed by human readers. Our models have been tightly integrated into the clinical workflow to allow easy usage by clinicians. Our work has previously been peer-reviewed and published in several top medical venues, including Nature (2020), Nature Medicine (2021), Lancet Digital Health (2021), JAMA Cardiology (2022). Results from our blinded and randomized clinical trial on evaluating cardiac function have also been recently presented as a Late Breaking Clinical Trial at the European Society of Cardiology.
1148. kiosk : At Kiosk, we help companies engage with their customers on their preferred app, WhatsApp. In short, we blend AI agents and traditional marketing tools (Campaigns, Workflows) to generate personalised conversations at scale. Think of us like the MailChimp for WhatsApp, with a conversational AI twist 💬 While WhatsApp is a key revenue driver in markets like India, its vast potential in Europe and Emerging Markets is still largely untapped!
1149. zingbus : Zingbus runs safe and affordable bus services between Indian cities. We aggregate small bus companies and optimize schedules and pricing for them, thus increasing their revenue.
1150. edyn : The Edyn smart garden system lets you know what’s happening in your garden at all times. Whether you’re a novice gardener or managing a small-scale organic farm, Edyn is there to take the guesswork out of gardening. Inserted in the soil, the Edyn Garden Sensor gathers and analyzes data about changing weather and soil conditions. The Edyn App displays this data as a real-time snapshot of your garden, and pushes alerts and suggestions to maximize plant health. A separate component, the Edyn Water Valve, uses the data collected by the sensor to smartly control your existing watering system, watering your plants only when needed. With advanced tracking technology and intuitive design, the Edyn smart garden system keeps you connected to your garden or farm so you can grow healthier plants.
1151. venuetastic : Find the perfect venue for your next event! Venuetastic is an event venue marketplace that is changing the way people discover and book venues. We're passionate about streamlining the most painful part of event planning - wading through budget, location, and size constraints to find the right venue space.
1152. keep : Keep is an open-source AIOps platform. Keep acts as a single pane of glass to all your alerts from any monitoring tool and helps you turn 1000s into just 10s of meaningful alerts.
1153. meetanyway : We help run engaging online conferences. Unlike Hopin or Zoom, we are super focused on connecting conference attendees with each other. Most attendees don’t actually go to watch the talks, they go for the networking. With us they can self-organize, meet and stay in touch. Usually it's incredibly hard for the organizer to build conferences which lead to key business opportunities for the attendees. We have good networking built-in.
1154. lysto-ai : Lysto is a task automation platform built for go-to-market (GTM) teams, designed to streamline workflows and reduce time spent on administrative tasks. By aggregating data from your video calls, emails, and other data sources like internal documents and product analytics, Lysto automates key GTM tasks such as updating CRM records, drafting personalized follow-up emails, and logging customer issues in tools like Slack or JIRA. Each task can be fully automated or flagged for final review in Lysto’s task inbox, providing both efficiency and oversight.
1155. frubana-inc : 
1156. chipax : Chipax handles all payments, invoices, and reconciliations to provide real-time AR & AP for SMBs, starting in Mexico and Chile. We're currently at $1.6M ARR with more than 1,100 paying businesses. The company is founded by Antonio Correa, François Gueneau de Mussy, Joaquín Brenner, and Felipe Urzúa, Engineers from top universities in Chile, who have all experienced the pain of managing SMBs finances first hand in their previous jobs.
1157. lenco : Lenco is a multi-currency digital bank for businesses in Africa. With Lenco, retail outlets, hospitality businesses and startups can easily pay vendors, suppliers and perform cross-border payment while having access to growth capital.
1158. codestory : We're building Aide, an AI-native IDE designed for engineers to enjoy problem-solving with agents by their side. We're currently a team of two, based in London, United Kingdom. Between us, we have been tech leads with experience building testing infrastructure at Meta, payment systems for 150k merchants in India, been an ACM ICPC world finalist and Open-Source contributor to critical infrastructure including gRPC and the Bazel build system. We love dev tooling, and enjoy thinking about the future of programming.
1159. silver : At Silver, they are building the world's first miniaturized Raman spectroscope for consumers. Our spectroscope, combined with our proprietary nanoparticle substrates, enables our users to detect many contaminants instantaneously.
1160. fiix : Fiix offers auto repair services for its clients. The company offers on-demand auto repair services in terms of battery, brakes, diagnostics, inspections, doors, windows, engines, exhaust systems, filters, fluids, fuel systems, heating, lights, sensors, suspension, steering, tires, and transmission. The company offers auto repair services at its clients' homes or offices. Fiix was founded in 2015 by Zain Manji and Arif Bhanji and is based in Ontario.
1161. palettehq : PaletteHQ makes it easy for B2B companies to calculate sales commissions and boost sales performance. We built a SaaS platform that non tech people can implement in a day, connect to their CRM, accounting software or ERPs, and calculate commissions automatically instead of using excel spreadsheets or BI tools.
1162. casixty : Casixty automates Reddit engagement for technical companies, helping them connect authentically with their target audiences. Using AI, we identify relevant discussions, generate brand-accurate responses, and provide detailed analytics to track engagement impact.
1163. canopi : 
1164. fluently : Fluently is an app that helps non-native professionals improve their English with instant feedback after each Zoom call. Imagine having a personal coach, always listening and providing tips. There are 84 million non-native employees who work in English-speaking environments, and companies spend $10 billion annually solely on their English corporate training to improve communication efficiency across the company and help them grow and feel more confident. Fluently offers a more efficient and convenient way to boost speaking skills by providing feedback on pronunciation, grammar, and vocabulary after each call and fine-tuning the learning trajectory over time. That became possible by recent advancements in ML and the power of M1 chips for local processing. We are non-native founders who solve their pain, and have deep expertise in running ML on edge devices.
1165. moonshot-brands : Moonshot Brands is building the world’s largest - next-generation CPG (Consumer Product Goods) e-commerce company. We look for profitable e-commerce companies on Amazon or selling DTC on Shopify, purchase them from the founders giving them liquidity for their biggest asset, then turbocharge the growth with our proprietary data-driven technology platform and team. We scale e-commerce brands globally.
1166. khatabook : Replace your traditional ledgers with new digital Khatabook and Avail financial services like Lending for your business. Business owners can use the app to record credit (Jama) and debit (Udhar) transactions for their trusted customers. It is 100% Free, Safe, and Secure for all types of businesses to maintain their customers'​ accounts.
1167. light-table-eve : Light Table is a new interactive IDE that lets you modify running programs and embed anything from websites to games. It provides the real time feedback we need to not only answer questions about our code, but to understand how our programs really work.
1168. brainkey : BrainKey is an AI-driven digital healthcare company with a mission to create a world free from dementia. The company specializes in developing advanced clinical technologies that empower longevity physicians to detect and prevent cognitive decline and other brain longevity challenges. By analyzing brain MRI and biomedical data, BrainKey provides highly accurate and personalized brain health insights, supporting physicians in delivering tailored care for brain longevity. BrainKey's AI-powered platform streamlines diagnostics and reporting, improving both clinical outcomes and financial efficiency across the continuum of brain health care. Short Clip about BrainKey from the BBC: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ioSgvROTP0E
1169. foodcourt : FoodCourt (CoKitchen) is Africa's leading virtual restaurant company. We've served over 350,000 meals in the last 12 months & our goal is to make good food and quick convenience goods more accessible across Africa, through virtual restaurants & dark stores. Understanding the unique problems of the African on-demand/ food delivery market, we've taken a full-stack approach by controlling different areas of the value chain such as technology, production & delivery to give users a seamless & consistent experience while giving us unlimited flexibility for growth. Learn more at www.getfoodcourt.com or email henry@cokitchen.ng
1170. the-buttermilk-company : The Buttermilk Company is a direct-to-consumer business focused on bringing authentic and simple recipes from different cuisines to an American audience. We curate recipes from the local community and create packets filled with real, fresh ingredients and no preservatives. You can make a homemade meal in 5 minutes! We also give back a portion of our sales to the people who gave us the recipes.
1171. conveo : Conveo is an AI-powered platform for conducting and analyzing qualitative research through in-depth video and voice interviews. We help marketing, insights, product, and design teams gather customer insights 100x faster and at a fraction of the cost.
1172. salt : Salt is a neo banking solution stitched together to ease payments and documentation which comes with business banking by moving it to a digital-first and automated end to end platform.
1173. mergent : Mergent is a task scheduling API that makes it super easy for developers to schedule and manage background tasks like notifications, data processing, and third-party integrations. We provide a simple well-documented API that any developer can instantly start using straight from our website.
1174. tower : Tower accelerates transactional due diligence via an AI-powered, centralized diligence platform. By consolidating disparate diligence workflows, Tower helps lawyers stay organized, spot issues earlier, and close deals faster.
1175. rebill : Payments and subscriptions platform for digital businesses and global companies scaling in Latin America With our platform and API, companies can integrate over 100 local payment methods from the region, including cards, bank transfers, cash, and even wallets. In addition, they always receive the best human support with fair pricing and utmost transparency, enabling them to scale across the region 10 times faster.
1176. sourcify : Sourcify is a profitable high growth sourcing platform that helps ecommerce brands and Fortune 500s manufacture products in Asia.
1177. bik : BIK is an intelligent marketing platform helping brands to drive ROI with the power of conversations. Re-imagine your customer journey where you can convert your social media conversation into revenues rather than spending millions on website optimisation.
1178. stitch-technologies : 
1179. bodysim-by-well-principled : Gain muscle and shed fat with a digital twin of your body. BODYSIM is an app-based simulation of your body and its potential that recommends nutrition and exercise to meet your goals. Use BODYSIM to (1) Assemble your data from food logging, BIA weigh-ins, DEXA scans, at-home blood tests, and wearables, (2) Learn to “triangulate the truth” of your unique metabolism and physiology, and (3) Adjust your nutrition and exercise plans by simulating what will happen to your body. One founder put on 45 lbs muscle, and another put on 25 lbs of muscle while losing 50 lbs of fat. Our alpha testers lost an average of 12.6 pounds in 3 months. Our core technology distills messy academic literature into simulations. Before turning to our own fitness journeys, we successfully deployed sophisticated enterprise models of plant-soil-atmosphere, consumer behavior and battery electrochemistry. With BODYSIM we built a science-based simulation of macronutrient balance and muscle hypertrophy. It includes cell turnover, oxidation for energy, lipolysis of fat stores, synthesis of new muscle, glycogen resynthesis, GI latency, and even ketones. Get jacked at BODYSIM.com
1180. jupe : 
1181. enveritas : 
1182. aklimate : With Aklimate, enterprises provide their suppliers with carbon management tools for free, in exchange for their emissions data. You can imagine it as the company paying for a Watershed-lite for each of their suppliers.
1183. deel : Deel is the all-in-one HR platform for global teams. It helps companies simplify every aspect of managing an international workforce, from culture and onboarding, to local payroll and compliance. Deel works for independent contractors and full-time employees in more than 150 countries, compliantly. And getting set up takes just a few minutes. For more information, visit Deel.com.
1184. alinea : Alinea is an app for new investors where we do the hard work for you. With Alinea you have a team of investment experts in your pocket.
1185. beetailer : Beetailer. Your online store in Facebook Bring your store to Facebook and grow your business Our software helps you import your existing web store onto FB. We give you tools for promoting it and detailed analytics about how well it is doing. Over a thousand stores, reaching more than 50 millions of fans, are already using our system. https://www.beetailer.com
1186. spur : Never code up another test or hire an external QA team. We handle and automate all functional and E2E testing.
1187. trieve : Infrastructure for search teams building retrieval and RAG. Trieve combines search language models with tools for tuning ranking and relevance. Building excellent search is difficult and can take months to implement then even more time to maintain. Trieve offers production-ready infrastructure that works out of the box to help search teams build adjustable AI search and RAG into their products. With tools for custom models, relevancy weighting, date-recency biasing, semantic full-text hybrid search, recommendations, and more Trieve covers the full spectrum of what a team wants from their discovery infrastructure.
1188. lunasec : LunaTrace isn't just another security scanner that blasts you with vulnerabilities. LunaSec has developed a hosted Open Source dependency security tool that is smarter, faster, and quieter than any other. It's backed by a team of security experts who monitor the latest attacks, write remediation guides, and help you patch in hours instead of weeks. In under 2 minutes, for free, you can generate your own vulnerability report to gain insight into the security + compliance of your software by clicking here: https://lunatrace.lunasec.io/ Email us at: contact@lunasec.io Our GitHub: https://github.com/lunasec-io/lunasec
1189. aquarium-learning : ML models are only as good as the datasets they're trained on, and that means that most improvement to model performance comes from improvement to the quality and diversity of their datasets. Our tooling makes it easy for ML teams to find anomalies + failure patterns in their datasets and fix these problems by editing / adding the right data. So the next time you retrain your model, it just gets better.
1190. sekilo : Sekilo - Poultry processing & supply chain for the SME foodservice industry. A category-first consumer food company is revolutionizing the poultry industry with innovative technology. At the forefront of poultry distribution and processing, our robust supply chain, fortified with stringent cold chain control, guarantees excellence from procurement to final delivery, setting a new industry standard. Our unwavering commitment addresses client pain points—ensuring unparalleled quality, hygiene, freshness, and multiple drops with a low MOQ. As a startup deeply rooted in logistics and supply chain expertise, Sekilo is the trusted partner for the diverse needs of the middle-downstream foodservice sector. Delivering cutting-edge solutions in warehouse management, inventory control, operations, delivery logistics, customization, and processing management, we cater to catering SMEs, HORECA chains, industry players, e-grocery startups, and D2C processed meat factories. Embracing technology, Sekilo optimizes Indonesia's poultry supply chain. With robust supply chain capabilities, customization, an efficient business model, and an unwavering commitment to consistency, Sekilo is reshaping the poultry distribution and processing landscape.
1191. weathercheck : WeatherChecks application tells anyone when severe hail is about to strike and when it has in fact impacted a property. Using state of the science technologies we compute and analyze geo-weather data faster than every weather company globally. This allows companies, insurance companies specifically to gain dynamic insight into their overall exposure and enabling them to respond more quickly and efficiently to disaster.
1192. cover : Cover is an Android and iOS mobile application that allows its users to insure anything by taking a picture of what they need to insure. It partners with many insurance companies and brokers to provide its users with the best available rates. The application allows its users to insure vehicles, mobile phones, pets, jewelry, houses, boats, tours, and more. It was launched in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
1193. foundry : We're building the first end-to-end testing platform for web agents, including a Browser Gym for RL-driven optimization. Our platform helps teams run pre-production evaluations, benchmarking, and reinforcement learning to make web agents more reliable. With synthetic user simulations, automated evaluations, and large-scale benchmarking, we make sure web agents can handle dynamic environments with confidence.
1194. spotless-materials : Surface fouling is a costly challenge across industries, impacting medical consumables, diagnostic devices, and automotive components. Contamination from substances like mud, ice, and sludge can compromise performance and lead to frequent cleaning, repairs, and replacements. Our PFAS-free coating, which we first launched as a consumer product, has quickly expanded into industrial partnerships. It dramatically reduces contamination on critical surfaces such as glass, metal, ceramic, and now plastics too. Whether for medical devices or automotive components, our coating protects against surface fouling Currently our coatings work best on glass, metal, and ceramic surfaces.
1195. clupp : At Clupp, we offer innovative insurance solutions for underserved markets. Whether it's B2C coverage for bicycle and scooter riders in Latin America, B2B SaaS solutions empowering insurance brokers worldwide, or creating new insurance products to guarantee financing for startups in the United States—we're pushing the boundaries of what's possible in the insurance industry.
1196. bewell-digital : 4 Billion radiology scans are generated every year, but unfortunately, 1 in 5 reports are wrong and 35% of the studies are delayed. It can be primarily attributed to access and efficiency. BeWell is building the platform for access and efficiency
1197. cloudcruise : CloudCruise lets you trigger user-permissioned workflows in any SaaS software. We do this by providing a simple and well-documented development environment, as well as authentication and browser infrastructure.
1198. awesometalk : Awesometalk is based out of San Francisco. We provides simple, free video calling. We are insanely focused on making communication simple. We don’t like logging in, remembering passwords, or teaching our parents how to use Skype. Don't suffer the "add me on Skype dance" anymore!
1199. the-ticket-fairy : The Ticket Fairy is a next-generation event ticketing, marketing, management, intelligence and revenue acceleration platform, providing event promoters and venue managers the tools necessary to increase attendance levels, social media exposure and consumer engagement, and provide an enhanced experience to their patrons. The Ticket Fairy is helping large and small events maximise their revenue potential in Australia, New Zealand, India, the United States, and the United Kingdom and Europe, with closed beta trials in East Africa, Singapore, Thailand and Malaysia.
1200. oma-care : We are building the technical infrastructure to train and pay the 53M family caregivers in the US.
1201. sage-care : Get care at home for mom or dad from trusted professionals in their neighbourhood.
1202. queenly : Live on iOS, Android and our web app (queenly.com). Queenly is the leading online marketplace for the formalwear industry. We are a Y Combinator company and backed by some of the top VC's in Silicon Valley such as Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), NextView Ventures, The House Fund, and more. The Queenly cofounders were also recently featured on the Forbes 30 Under 30: Art and Style cover for 2022. At Queenly, our mission is simple: make every woman look and feel like a queen. We strive to empower women and to feel confidently beautiful in their own skin by providing cutting-edge technology, seamless logistics, white-glove customer service and unique expertise within the industry.
1203. goldbelly : Goldbelly is an online platform for specialty food makers and artisans. We discover America's most unique handmade foods and ship them to your door, anywhere nationwide.
1204. speccheck : SpecCheck is an all-in-one solution that provides accurate prescription eyewear ordering and tracking, seamless billing, and streamlined communication between patients, eye doctors, and their lab partners. SpecCheck’s users work more efficiently and make fewer costly errors, increasing productivity and improving their overall workflow.
1205. joinsub : We, at JoinSub, are empowering the Indian small and medium retailers to drive repeat purchases & maximize their revenue by building a subscription-based model. India has over 14 million retail outlets, and we are poised to revolutionize the Retail Sector and enhance the buying experience both for retailers and consumers. We are dedicated to co-creating a community of futuristic retailers who are ready to embrace tech for growth. Our Subscription Programs work wonderfully for everyone who is looking to drive repurchases, right from those in the F&B industry, to Salons, Nail Salons, Spas, Gyms, Yoga & Dance Studios, Coffee Shops, Bakeries, Dry Cleaners, Florists, etc. We can help you delight your consumers and accelerate your business, the JoinSub Way!
1206. federacy : Penetration testing and bug bounty platform.
1207. malloc : Malloc aims to help people companies and organisations protect their apps, their devices and their data. The Malloc app available in AppStore and PlayStore helps you stay safe and private online by blocking spyware and online threats. Malloc App Security is an SDK library that other app owners can use to protect their app from hacking attempts.
1208. stackmachine : Stack Machine is a developer tools company based in San Francisco, CA since May 2013. We enable a full-stack understanding of an organizations's codebases and developer environments. Our founders have years of experience running large-scale web services.
1209. robotire : In a fleet-centric world where everything is delivered to your doorstep, cost-per-mile and uptime are all that matter. Vehicles will be driving more miles and the decreased complexity of electric motors will fundamentally change the automotive service industry. ROBOTIRE will bring manufacturing-level automation to vehicle servicing. Tires are the perfect vertical to tackle first because they are future-proof (tires are going nowhere) and scale from luxury personal automobiles to freight-centric big-rigs. The current tire changing industry is entrenched with an aging workforce but maintains strong margins. We will build and deploy a robotic tire changing container that can change tires in 10 minutes. Our fully-integrated ROBOTIRE containers can be placed inside existing shops, Walmart parking lots or in the middle of a fleet service area hundreds of miles away from a major city. In the medium term, we will expand to brakes, oil, batteries, etc. becoming an uptime assembly line that keeps fleets on the road 24/7 at a fraction of the maintenance cost per mile we see today. In a fleet-centric world, cost-per-mile and uptime are all that matter. ROBOTIRE tackles both.
1210. warrant : Warrant is an open source authorization service that helps developers implement and enforce access control in their applications. Warrant serves as a dedicated, centralized platform for handling user authorization and access control so engineering teams can focus on building their core products.
1211. opsolutely : The best way for businesses to ship software. Opsolutely empowers engineering teams to be more productive, inclusive, and collaborative by making the most challenging and chaotic part of their software creation process safe, easy-to-use, and friendly for every member of the team.
1212. nextpay : NextPay is a digital bank for small businesses and entrepreneurs in The Philippines. They use us to send invoices, collect payments, do payroll, and pay their bills. NextPay is the best alternative to bank accounts for small businesses and entrepreneurs in the Philippines. We help them similarly to how Brex helps companies in the US, but in a way that is more locally nuanced. We manage their finances and remove the steep barriers that Filipino banks and financial institutions typically require; no setup fees, maintaining balances, or ridiculous requirements. View the full context on our Launch Bookface post: https://bookface.ycombinator.com/posts/51999
1213. amenli : Amenli is the first licensed online insurance broker in Egypt. Egypt has one of the lowest insurance penetrations in the world with a 100m population and a $2B GWP market growing 20+% YoY and a potential TAM of $10B. Over the past few months, Amenli issued 500+ policies in less than 10 mins compared to the minimum of 3 weeks industry standard. Amenli co-founders, Shady & Adham were founding team members of Paymob, one of the fastest growing payment companies in MENA. Shady was CCO and Adham was its Tech Lead and they worked together for more than 3 years to scale-up Paymob from scratch to 50K+ merchants, 5 countries and dozens of millions of monthly transactions.
1214. truora : Truora provides safe and reliable background checks and fraud prevention services for Latin America, through APIs and web service solutions. We operate in 6 countries (Mexico, Colombia, Peru, Costa Rica, Brazil and Chile) and are expanding rapidly. Our customers include Latam's top martketplaces (i.e. Didi, Rappi, Liftit), FinTech startups, large financial institutions and large HR firms as well. Our software allows for: background check verifications, continuous identity verification, digital identity solutions, OCR technologies and document authentication, KYC solutions and biometric validations. Our team is composed of 4 founders with expertise in the security and fraud prevention, as well as 60+ expert software engineers. We have offices across Latam, with our tech teams based in Colombia.
1215. decohere : Decohere is building product and infrastructure for real-time generative AI. We enable our customers to iterate towards their creative vision without waiting for long-running GPU jobs.
1216. shasta-health : Shasta Health enables physical therapists to go independent, so they make 3X more than working for a traditional clinic. Our AI agents automatically find patients, handle scheduling, and bill insurance so our PTs can focus on providing care. Patients get a concierge in-home appointment that's fully covered by insurance, instead of being stuck on endless waitlists. Book an appointment today at www.shasta.health
1217. watsi : We’re building technology to finance universal healthcare by crowdfunding surgeries and providing coverage for primary care.
1218. glimmer : Glimmer is a new way to search massive PDFs using AI. If you've ever dealt with massive PDFs (i.e. over 1,000 pages), you know how broken search can be. You have no choice but to use “Cmd-F” and manually sift through thousands of search results to find specific information. Professionals in construction, law, finance, and healthcare spend hours doing this every day. Glimmer makes searching these large documents 10x easier. When you upload a PDF, Glimmer uses AI to intelligently index your documents. You can then search your PDF in natural language and get answers with verifiable page sources. You can get started with Glimmer for free with any kind of PDF at withglimmer.com.
1219. forerunner-ai : Forerunner is your aerospace, defense, and hardware engineering copilot, helping you beat tight deadlines by automating critical engineering workflows. Our secure AI agents access data from tools like Atlassian Suite and Microsoft Office, then collaborate with hardware engineers to accelerate design and analysis.
1220. eqtble : At eqtble, we’re on a mission is to empower companies to make more equitable decisions around their employees. We're building a people analytics platform that enables talent and people leaders to access a rich set of analytics and insights out of their existing data. Within a short time period, we've vaulted to the top of the HR tech industry with our tech-first people analytics solution. With customers such as Etsy, Chobani, Nuro, Harrys, Checkr - eqtble is on a path to being the leader in the people analytics space.
1221. filadd : With online courses, we help students graduate from University, starting from the admissions and throughout their entire college education until they graduate. All our courses include 24/7 interaction with our Tutors and Teachers making 95% of our users reach their desire score. We have prepared more than 10,000 students and in 2021 we have already made 800K which means 6X Year-over-Year growth.
1222. neverland : Neverland is the first marketplace that connect buyers of everything needed for indoor and outdoor gardening with the 24,000 shops across the US. Neverland is taking this offline category online starting with this $26B market.
1223. quell : Quell is an immersive fitness game where players get fit fighting their way through a fantasy world. Our low-cost wearable uses smart resistance bands to guide you through an exciting, effective combat workout at home. We’re Peloton meets gaming at 1/10th of the price
1224. magic-hour : Magic Hour is a professional video creation tool. It takes the best AI video models, puts them in one workflow, and makes creating an amazing video as easy as selecting a template and customizing it. You can use the product at https://magichour.ai
1225. atrato : Enabling merchants and consumers to offer flexibility at the point of sale
1226. thera : All things money movement. Built for global teams. Thera is an ecosystem of apps designed to save you money - Payroll, Banking, Bill Pay. Whether you're looking to use one of our products or the full suite, we've got you covered.
1227. lizza : Lizza's AI-assistant finds, contacts, and manages the entire collaboration process with content creators for D2C E-commerce brands while making it easy for content creators to make a living off of their talents by working with their favourite brands.
1228. nettrons : 
1229. co2stats : CO2Stats aims to help website owners understand the electricity usage and related carbon emissions associated with site usage, and then helps site owners manage their carbon footprint. The company calculates the greenhouse gas footprint of visits to your site, based on locations of your visitors and servers, computer types, window and monitor sizes, local fuel mixes, download sizes and times. Every month CO2Stats purchase Green-E certified Renewable Energy Certificates to offset your site's CO2 footprint. Users can inspect your certificates and other environmental statistics by clicking on your CO2Stats badge.
1230. selectiq : SelectIQ addresses the primary bottleneck in drug development: recruiting patients into clinical trials. We analyze electronic health records to help doctors find clinical trials for their patients, and to help trial sites find patients for their studies. 72% of doctors want to inform their patients of clinical trials, but only 5% do. We're on a mission to close that gap, ultimately bringing safer, more effective drugs to the patients who need them.
1231. terminal : Terminal is Plaid for telematics data in commercial trucking. Companies building next generation insurance products, financial services and fleet software for trucking use our Universal API to access GPS data, speeding data and vehicle stats. Raghav (CEO) and Connor (CTO) led product and engineering at a series b-funded neobank where they spent 2.5 years integrating middleware APIs like Plaid & Stripe. Before that, Connor spent 3 years building software for his family-owned logistics company which was acquired by a private equity firm. Raghav’s family is in fleet operations and owns an HVAC company in San Francisco where they operate a fleet of 13 commercial vehicles.
1232. constructable : Constructable is an AI chat for construction managers that collects all the data for a commercial construction project from Procore, email, documents, and chat to answer questions like "What slope is needed for drainage?" or "how do the submitted electrical bids compare?" We can answer questions in seconds that used to take hours and help teams prevent mistakes that cost hundreds of thousands of dollars.
1233. certainly-health : Patients enter their insurance and visit reason, and we use machine learning to predict and guarantee their out-of-pocket costs for every health provider. For health providers, we ensure their patients always pay the bill.
1234. bagaveev-corporation : Bagaveev Corporation is a startup backed by Adam Draper's Boost accelerator (boost.vc) and advised by Tim Draper (dfj.com) is designing, building and testing 3D printed aerospike rocket engines that will power both lower and upper stages of a 3-ton, 35 foot rocket, designed to deliver 10-12 kg nanosatellites to low Earth orbit and Sun-synchronous orbit.
1235. outloud-ai : We record conversations that customers have when they are placing orders in drive-thru restaurants, automatically analyze them, and help operators to upsell better or alert them when they are out of stock.
1236. fivetran : Fivetran automates data movement out of, into and across cloud data platforms. We automate the most time-consuming parts of the ELT process from extracts to schema drift handling to transformations, so data engineers can focus on higher-impact projects with total pipeline peace of mind. With 99.9% uptime and self-healing pipelines, Fivetran enables hundreds of leading brands across the globe, including Autodesk, Conagra Brands, JetBlue, Lionsgate, Morgan Stanley, and Ziff Davis, to accelerate data-driven decisions and drive business growth. Fivetran is headquartered in Oakland, California, with offices around the world.
1237. verge-genomics : Verge uses artificial intelligence and human data to develop better drugs faster. Verge has an end-to-end technology-driven drug discovery and development platform, featuring one of the field’s largest and most comprehensive proprietary patient genomics datasets from human tissue. Verge uses machine learning to mine this data and develops these insights into new drugs using it’s human-centric biology and chemistry platforms.
1238. recover : Recover provides more effective and affordable addiction treatment via telemedicine. We partner with local governments to save lives and taxpayer dollars. More than 20 million Americans struggle with addiction, but less than 10% of people who need it receive treatment. For those that do, it usually does not work - only 8% get better. Most of this treatment is funded by governments, and goes to programs that are frequently predatory, and focus more on profit than people. We have created an effective, accessible, and affordable solution: Recover. We offer a proven approach using medication and counseling, that can improve outcomes for over 70% of patients. It reduces overdoses by 80%, death by 50%, and has years of research and application showing it works. Despite how effective this medication can be, most rehabs do not have medical professionals on staff. Not only does our program work better and bring medicine to addiction care, it also costs just 10% of traditional programs. Nick founded Recover after seeing his family and friends struggle with addiction. He was raised by a drug addict, has an alcoholic brother, and lost an uncle to heroin. He saw how hard it is for people to get the treatment they need, and how ineffective existing options are. We are working to make sure that people like Nick’s family have access to best-in-class addiction treatment so they can get and stay well.
1239. variant : Variant is building the state-of-the-art model for software design. Our first milestone, icon generation, already surpasses existing approaches. The company is founded by Ben South Lee, former VP of Product Design at unicorn companies Postmates ($5B exit) and Avara ($2.5B market cap), and Daniel Bulhosa Solórzano, Staff ML engineer at Square and Cruise.
1240. reframe : Reframe is the leading app to help people cut back on drinking. Reframe uses neuroscience & psychology to help people shift the way they think about drinking & help build great habits. We don't believe in stigma or restrictions. In the past 12 months, Reframe has had over 2M+ users and has helped more people cut back on alcohol use than any other org worldwide.
1241. vora-ai : Vora is building AI digital workers for hiring teams. We enable companies to cut time-to-hire for the top candidates by 50%. Rachel - our AI recruiter - sources candidates, screens inbound applications (with resume and voice screens) and shortlists the top candidates so hiring teams can focus on closing the best talent faster.
1242. seals-ai : Seals is a suite of AI Employees for Wholesalers & Distributors. Instead of relying on humans to quote, take orders, collect payments, place purchase orders and enter data into ERPs. We build AI Employees that do these manual repetitive tasks for the 700k wholesalers in the US. We’re a team of three Computer Science majors, and Fernando launched and grew AT&T in Mexico to $120M ARR. Previously, we all worked together at our last YC-backed startup, building it to over $6M in revenue. It was there that we placed thousands of purchase orders with wholesalers. We realized that almost every physical product comes from B2B sales in the supply chain. However, it turns out that most of these operations are still done manually through phone and email, involving tasks like quoting, taking orders, collecting payments, entering data into ERPs, and providing support. By automating these tasks with AI agents in a human-like manner, we are creating a massive opportunity to convert $100B of payroll expenses into software spending.
1243. ruby-card : Ruby is a neobank that offers e-commerce businesses a flexible spend management solution and direct integrations with commerce platforms. By combining banking and commerce data, Ruby provides businesses with a real-time, unified view of their financial health and money movement, empowering them to make better financial decisions and scale their operations.
1244. zeitview : At Zeitview, our goal is to accelerate the transition to renewable energy and sustainable infrastructure. We do this by combining advanced inspection software with the ability to capture visual data in more than 60 countries. This allows us to deliver safer, faster, lower-cost inspections of energy and infrastructure assets with a high degree of accuracy and repeatability. We use artificial intelligence and machine learning to ingest and analyze vast amounts of visual data to provide objective insights that our customers can act on immediately.
1245. intuned : Intuned is an AI enabled cloud platform to author, deploy, and monitor integrations to extract web data and execute browser automation. We enable engineers to build reliable integrations to access data and complete actions on other web services when official APIs are not available or complete.
1246. openwrench : We helps retail and restaurant chains big and small deliver great customer experiences, putting money back in their budget and time back in their day.
1247. delineate : 90% of drug candidates fail despite billions in pharmaceutical R&D. Delineate extracts and analyzes data from biopharma research papers and patents at scale, including data trapped in figures and plots. Led by Emily (MIT PhD, former Pfizer/AstraZeneca computational researcher) and Jawad (ex-Lockheed Skunkworks AI lead), Delineate has developed custom LLM and computer vision models paired with rigorous QC processes to deliver extremely high quality datasets in a fraction of the time. By processing 15x more studies than industry standard and reducing months of research into weeks, we're transforming how pharmaceutical companies make evidence based development decisions. Delineate has generated $160K in revenue through data contracts with Sanofi and Roche, conducting some of the largest aggregated research studies to date.
1248. delfino-ai : Delfino AI helps automate the repetitive phone calls that providers' offices make to payors
1249. zyper : Zyper is a machine learning-led community marketing tool that enables brands to identify and engage with the top 1% of their social following, turning them from passive followers to active advocates. These brand fans create authentic and emotive content, scaling peer-to-peer advertising in a unique way by uplifting market voice, engagement and social conversion. Neither micro-influencers nor bloggers, brand fans are real, social-savvy consumers who influence their immediate peer group and immerse themselves in your brand ecosystem. We target them at scale to give you the equivalent reach of one influencer but with the value of repeat content, authenticity and higher engagement.
1250. redspread : Redspread is a collaborative deployment tool for managing environments from development to production. It enables the deployment of Docker projects to a Kubernetes cluster using a single command. Redspread was launched in 2015 and is based in San Francisco, California.
1251. evoly : Evoly makes smart electric & water meters. We save a typical utility over $4M a year. Electric and water meter measure your consumption, A smart meter on the other hand not only measure it, it also send this consumption data and a lot more remotely and wirelessly to the utility. We are a plug and play, easy to install, 5 times cheaper smart metering solution. We are a B2B company and our customer are the Utilities Thanks to our software they get 24/7 view on their grid and a wide range of possibilities : - Remote meter reading - Detecting fraud - Turning electricity on and off remotely - Time of use pricing
1252. macadamia : We’re building autonomous AI agents that take over the role of engineers in running simulations with advanced physics-based solvers, like Ansys. Engineers submit their CAD designs and simulation requests, and Oswald automates the entire process - from model setup to interpreting results. It’s integrated with Ansys, the industry leader in engineering simulations.
1253. floatpays-inc : Floatpays is an on-demand wage access platform that helps employees access, spend, save and manage their money. The problem we are solving is that more than 75% of the 12 million employed South African’s run out of money before the end of the month, 52% of those end up borrowing money to survive. Informal lending is the only option for most borrowers, with interest rates anywhere between 30-50%. The story is the same in most African countries where payday/micro-lending has become the norm amongst lower-income earners. Our app features include financial education, a budget planning tool, cash access, and voucher purchases all from wages earned but unpaid. We are currently working on a savings product to promote long-term financial resilience. We launched our product in South Africa in July 2020 and plan to extend our reach into additional African countries in 2022 and beyond.
1254. vansec : Spear phishing simulation & security awareness training powered by AI.
1255. buster : We're building AI Digital Workers for every part of your analytics & data stack. You can think of our platform as a 24/7 team of AI data engineers, scientists, & analysts. Its modern, simple, & open source.
1256. rubbrband : Rubbrband is building an AI artist that can imagine and edit beautiful images for you. We are on a mission to allow anybody to create great art, regardless of skill level. Rubbrband is used by creatives all around the world.
1257. reprosent : REPROSENT is a patient-driven care system that harnesses patients' time to relieve overburdened medical teams. With an app that elevates the role of both patients and their loved ones, REPROSENT helps patients stay on track, capture previously untapped data about their lived experience, and receive timely triage that improves their health outcomes. By making crucial patient information actionable, REPROSENT enables doctors to focus their time on personalized treatment, transforming the way medical care is provided.
1258. hostai : We’re on a mission to streamline business communication for housing and hospitality. Our integrated AI platform helps property management and hospitality operations automate business workflows so teams can instead focus on the most human elements of their service.
1259. youlicit : The Youlicit web content recommendation engine leverages the wisdom of the crowds to return the most recommended sites related to a website or topic. To use Youlicit, simply install a plug-in with the Youlicit buttons on your Firefox browser. These buttons light up, while you surf, and by clicking on them, you instantly get highly relevant recommendations, without searching. It also allows you to discover the web via personalized recommendations based on your interests and find other users interested in the same topics as you.
1260. rocketlit : RocketLit gives all students better access to learning and educators access to the data they need to be most impactful. Our first product, RocketLit, is an adaptive and personalized learning platform that serves reading to students at their independent level. Students read the same content at different levels of complexity and fluidly move up reading levels as they improve. InnerOrbit is our new Science Assessment platform, giving students, teachers and administrators the practice and data they need to be successful on science tests. We serve the highest quality content and feature the most detailed reporting on the market. We’re a small and focused team working to change the world through science education. Our company has served over 650k students and we’re on track to more than double that number in the next year. We’re looking for folks who’ll grow into a leadership role within the organization.
1261. duffl : Duffl delivers snacks to college students in 10 minutes. We use data to wholesale high demand/high margin products and deliver them directly to our customers using electric scooters and a student-driven workforce. We've launched at: UCLA, USC, UCSB, UC Berkeley, UofA, ASU, TSU and UT Austin. Join us on a journey of empowering students to better serve each other! www.jobs.duffl.com
1262. roofr : We're the all-in-one sales toolbox for roofers with helpful features to grow your business including: Stunning Proposals: Create a professionally designed proposal from a measurement report. Email & capture your clients’ e-signatures from any device. Aerial Measurement Reports: Order an accurate $10 roof measurement report or draw it yourself in minutes with drone, satellite or blueprint imagery. Our mission is to ensure every family has access to an affordable roof.
1263. traces : We analyze thousands of video streams to find and track people without facial recognition. Our tech is available as an API and has multiple use cases. Unique people counting, forensic people search, falsa alarm filtering and many more.
1264. lilia : 
1265. maitai : Maitai makes building reliable AI applications easy. We autocorrect faulty model output in real-time and automatically fine-tune models that learn from their mistakes. This means our customers get more reliable results immediately, and over time, they gain custom models built specifically for their application that only get better and faster. You wouldn’t hire an employee who doesn’t learn from their mistakes—so why use a model that doesn’t? Maitai is here to deliver the next generation of reliable AI inference.
1266. resolve : At Resolve we’re building the future of simulations using immersive technology like VR and AR. Today, Resolve helps bridge the communication gap between people who operate buildings and those who design and build them. We've built the most robust application for reviewing industrial facilities on wireless VR devices like the Oculus Quest - our customers love it because it just works even with complex 3D building models. From data centers to cutting-edge biopharma facilities, Resolve provides a collaborative virtual environment for operations & maintenance teams to review and interact with 3D building models at full scale - decreasing late stage changes during the construction process and delivering a safer, more easily operable building. Our customers' facilities contain a multitude of complex systems which require careful coordination and review to ensure the building is completed on time and within budget. To prevent rework and increased building maintenance costs, Resolve fixes the broken system of screen-sharing 3D models and 2D floorplans with the operations teams that inherit the building and, instead, gives them easy access to their 3D building models before concrete is poured.
1267. beanstalk : Brothers, Michael and Jack, started Beanstalk as a solution to solve a local restaurant’s need for consistent, high-quality salad. In doing so, they created a vertical farming technology capable of growing lettuces, spinach, basil, carrots, lavender, and more. Beanstalk is at the nexus of industrial robotics, plant science, and the culinary arts. Our technology enables us to develop new products quickly, automate traditionally labor-intensive work, and connect consumers to fresh produce in ways not before seen.
1268. buildscience : Revolutionizing building management. Our platform allows building owners to deliver better customer service via custom software. We have deployed this in a 1M sq.ft. Class A office building, where we were able to lower operational expenses while improving tenant satisfaction.
1269. 11874 : Convoy is the nation's leading digital freight network. We move millions of truckloads around the country through our connected network of carriers, saving money for shippers, increasing earnings for drivers, and eliminating carbon waste for our planet. Interested in working on an $800B problem? Check out our jobs page here: http://jobs.convoy.com/
1270. eden-2 : Using infrared technology, we provide a non-invasive, painless, private, and accurate adjunct breast cancer screening in under 10 minutes. Our Eva Centers are located in shopping centers.
1271. saturn : At Saturn, our mission is to make financial peace of mind more accessible by building the best operating system for wealth managers. Wealth and Asset Management is one of the world’s highest revenue-generating industries, yet it remains painfully inefficient. The sector relies heavily on disjointed legacy systems, manual human tasks, and a complex web of intermediaries, all of which increase costs. Saturn is an AI-powered operating system for wealth management built to automate investment research, streamline operations, and ensure compliance. Saturn creates the best version of truth, empowering investment advisors to work more efficiently, navigate complex regulatory landscapes, and deliver personalised, high-value services to their clients. Today, Saturn supports over 200 firms globally that manage more than £35bn in assets under management (AUM) and over 200,000 clients. As the industry grows, it faces massive operational challenges like bad tech, advisor retirements, regulatory pressure, an increased cost base, and transformational opportunities like great intergenerational wealth transfer and changing consumer needs. Saturn aims to be at the forefront of this transformation, driving the future of wealth management.
1272. zeus : 
1273. theorem : Theorem conducts independent underwriting of consumer loans originated by banks, credit cards companies and other lenders. We utilize this information to manage institutional capital and securitize loans
1274. talentdrop : When it comes to hiring, there are lots of resources to help managers get more candidates. But on average, only 1 in every 300 of these candidates actually get hired. Hiring managers and recruiters end up taking a robotic, brute force approach to sourcing - the kind of approach top talent hates. Managers are increasingly finding that the simplest and most personable way to attract talent starts with their network. The best candidates want to work for great people, not faceless companies. Sharing open roles on places like LinkedIn, Slack, and Twitter unlocks enormous potential for a personalized recruiting approach across a curated talent pool, but these referrals are difficult to track across platforms and end up lost in the shuffle. We are changing that. After more than a decade building teams at high-growth consumer tech companies like Instacart, Snapchat, and Uber, Maddy Nguyen turned her attention to creating collaborative tools for hiring managers and recruiters to source candidates from a wider range of networks and communities - while staying human.
1275. trexo-robotics : Trexo Robotics is building exoskeletons to help people walk, starting with children with Cerebral Palsy. Our product allows children with disabilities like Cerebral Palsy, to walk, in many cases for the first time in their lives. Trexo was started when Manmeet found that his nephew was born with Cerebral Palsy and would never be able to walk. They are already commercial with customers all over US and Canada. Their vision is to replace the wheelchair, for children, adults, and the elderly.
1276. shortbread : Shortbread App is Netflix for bite-sized mobile comics. Users pay to read premium romance series. Shortbread app is powered by an AI Comics Studio. Our AI tech enables pro artists to create comics at 1/10 the traditional cost and at higher quality. Our stories are written by bestselling writers on BookTok, Kindle, and Wattpad.
1277. outschool : Outschool is an innovative education platform that offers a variety of engaging, small-group classes online. Unlike traditional classes, Outschool classes give kids the unique opportunity to explore their interests in-depth via interactive, live video by experienced, independent educators. When Outschool was founded in 2015, homeschoolers were the first to discover our classes, but it wasn’t long before kids in conventional schools began supplementing their education with fun and unique, interest-based classes. During the COVID-19 pandemic, Outschool became vital to families who wanted to keep kids learning, social, and pursuing their passions. Today, Outschool offers more than 140,000 live online classes to more than 1,000,000 learners in 183 countries worldwide.
1278. insight : 
1279. homebase : Homebase provides Rent-To-Own real estate financing for buyers in Southeast Asia - the only alternative to inflexible/high-interest rate (12%+) mortgages in the region. We strive to provide more innovative, compelling, and empathetic solutions for those who aspire to own a home. Homebase was founded in 2019 in Singapore and is backed by Y Combinator, VinaCapital Ventures, Class 5 Global, Pegasus Technology Ventures, 1982 Ventures, Iterative VC and Antler, as well as the founders and executives at disruptive real estate financing companies including Opendoor, Zerodown, 99.co and Divvy Homes.
1280. materee : Materee is an e-commerce platform for construction materials in Indonesia. Construction is one of the most important industries in Indonesia. Despite its importance, procuring raw materials for construction work involves many phone calls, text messages, as well as back and forth communications. Materee aims to transform and simplify construction material procurement process while assisting contractors to focus on the most important activity, completing their projects.
1281. emailio : 
1282. miracle : Miracle puts Clinical Operations in control. For biotech/pharma companies, Miracle is the "control room" for clinical trial management. Miracle helps save time by integrating vendor reports and trial data sources (i.e. EDC, IRT, study website) into a unified, real-time portal with actionable insights. Today, Miracle is powering a number of clinical trials around the world.
1283. dataland : Dataland is a high-performance data tool that's specifically designed for non-technical frontline teams. Dataland unifies data from across the business and allows frontline teams to Search, Analyze, and Ask AI to quickly get the answers they need, without needing to juggle multiple tools. Frontline teams - working in customer support, sales, fulfillment, operations, and logistics - get data workflows done 10x faster by using a single integrated tool that's designed to be fast and easy to use.
1284. pointwise : People spend hours on blogs and YouTube searching for the best credit card. Pointwise makes it easy to know which credit cards to get over time by analyzing your spending patterns and long term goals
1285. nsave : nsave is a fintech that provides trusted $€£ accounts abroad for people from countries where inflation is high and banking is broken.
1286. stayqrious : Imagine doing personalised workouts with a fitness coach, but for school subjects. Students log into their session that has been scheduled with their coach, they can see their learning workout for the day. Their workout typically consists of watching an interactive video, writing explanations, giving feedback to other students, making an explainer video etc. They get constant feedback and encouragement from the coach and progress only after they have understood the pre-requisites.
1287. alt-tex : ALT TEX is a Toronto-based biomaterials startup that has developed the world’s first biodegradable and carbon neutral fabric, engineered from the world’s largest landfill contributor - food waste. Polyester alone makes up 60% of the $2.5 trillion fashion industry and is the biggest blocker preventing brands from meeting sustainability mandates. The patent-pending ALT TEX fermentation technology creates a polyester alternative that works with the existing infrastructure to supply a sustainable, high performance and cost competitive polyester replacement to fashion brands, at scale. The product solves key problems for fashion brands, consumers, and the environment: (1) Fashion brands: ALT TEX sells fabric to fashion brands, allowing them to differentiate via sustainable options (sustainable fashion growing 11% CAGR) and hit sustainability targets, without sacrificing performance or changing their current supply chain. (2) Consumer: The ALT TEX fabric is projected to be half the price vs. other specialized sustainable alternatives (due to low-cost input and scalability), meaning greater accessibility. (3) Environment: A single shirt produced with ALT TEX fabric can divert 1 kg of food waste from landfills, 9 kg of carbon emissions from the air, and 4 g of micro-plastics from our waterways. Co-founders Myra and Avneet have worked together managing teams and projects for six years, with backgrounds in serial entrepreneurship, corporate sales at Fortune 500 companies, textile manufacturing and biochemistry. To date, ALT TEX has created their first fabric prototype that’s 70% stronger than cotton, secured $1M in LOIs and raised $2.3M.
1288. narrator : Narrator is an end-to-end platform built on top of the data standard, the Activity Schema and starting at $500/mo. Data analyst are able to build their definitions of their user journey, and use that journey to answer any question that comes up. From there, data can be visualized in a dashboard, used to build a story like analysis, exported and more. The biggest values of Narrator is Speed and Cost reduction. Small teams are able to move fast and answer questions in minutes allowing them to preform the work of very large data teams. All while Narrator is optimized to minimize compute cost of the warehouse.
1289. et-al : et al. is a mobile app that aggregates your newsletters, research papers, articles, and more, in one place. Think of it as an LLM-powered feed delivering you useful content in short insights. For example, if you’re building an AI voice agent, you’ll see the latest in speech-to-text models without having to actively search, go through a pile of research papers, or prompt an LLM. We extract key takeaways from long-form content - allowing you to read as little or as much as you like from the original piece of information. With et al., you get to stay on top of breakthroughs in your field, build knowledge, and discover new interests effortlessly.
1290. shelf-engine : Shelf Engine helps businesses increase sales by accurately predicting the perfect amount of perishable goods to order, thus reducing food waste.
1291. wyndly : Wyndly (https://www.wyndly.com) fixes allergies by training patients' bodies to ignore their allergy triggers. Frustrated allergy suffers come to us when they no longer want to deal with pills and sprays. We diagnose the patient’s unique allergy profile and create a personalized treatment plan to give the patient lifelong allergy relief. Specifically, Wyndly is increasing access to sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) for allergy care. For our patients, we're combining the convenience of telehealth and direct-to-consumer care with an exceptional patient experience that never loses the context of care. Wyndly represents an opportunity to change allergy care forever. With 60 million Americans suffering from allergies today, and with this number doubling over the coming years, there's simply an incredible need for the convenient care Wyndly provides. You can read more about us in [Techcrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2021/02/12/wyndly-aims-to-bring-allergy-drops-to-the-masses/). The Wyndly Model At Wyndly, we believe that better connections lead to better care, and we’re committed to making both happen at every step of the patient journey. Our allergy practice allows our patients to work with expert providers to develop personalized treatment plans for long-term allergy relief using clinically proven therapies. From a patient’s initial consultation to their final treatment delivery, we want the Wyndly experience to be a breath of fresh air for allergy sufferers – truly effective allergy relief, simply and efficiently delivered. Once we've conquered allergies, we're transforming the care model for every chronic condition. While transactional care for purchasing pills has flourished in telehealth, no one has gone after chronic care. Patients with chronic conditions are shuffled between providers, insurance, and more -- and they never feel heard. These patients deserve better, and we're going to give it to them. Wyndly is starting with allergies, but we'll expand into asthma, sleep apnea, and other conditions in the near future. Our values **Compassion**: We approach all our patients and partners with an open mind and a genuine desire to be of service. **Focus**: We do a few things very well, and are always clear about our boundaries and direction of travel. **Courage**: We embrace ambiguity and discomfort because we know that’s how we grow. **Progress**: We make something better every single day. *It boils down to empathy and forward momentum in everything we do.* The team Wyndly is proudly backed by Y Combinator and a leading group of angel investors and VCs. The founders are Dr. Manan Shah (Chief Medical Officer), an ear-nose-and-throat surgeon who’s a leading practitioner of telehealth in his specialty, and his cousin Aakash Shah (CEO), who led growth engineering at SparkGift (acquired by Stockpile in 2016) and Parse.ly (acquired by Automattic in 2021).
1292. vetpronto : Currently servicing the San Francisco Bay Area, Los Angeles, New York, Chicago, Washington DC, Baltimore, Atlanta, New Orleans and Tampa Bay. VetPronto is a new type of Veterinary Service dedicated to providing the most quality, convenient and transparent veterinary care possible. We're empowering vets across the country to better serve their patients. We treat pets at the home or workplace, saving them stress, and you time. We're using tech to provide a new standard of medical record management, client communication, and operational efficiency, including telemedicine and pharmacy integration.
1293. monet : Monet provides Instant cash-advances to employees in Latin America. We are a mobile app available to any employee with a recurring income and a bank account.
1294. cradle : Cradle is a B2B payments network in India that lets small businesses collect online payments from other businesses for free.
1295. bloomboard : Founded in 2010, BloomBoard is leading the shift from professional development to career advancement via micro-certification. The company partners with states, districts, and employers to enable a unique online learning experience where individuals improve their actual job-related practices and advance in their careers by earning micro-credentials. BloomBoard aims to help all organizations transition to meaningful, purpose-driven professional learning and advancement based on measurable certification. For more information, visit bloomboard.com.
1296. clicoh : We built the largest logistics network in LatAm to store, pack and ship same day and next day for e-commerce companies in LatAm.
1297. pyspur-dev : 
1298. instapainting : Instapainting turns any photo (from your phone, Facebook, Instagram, DSLR, the internet) into a hand-painted oil painting on real canvas, for $45 (for 10"x10"), and delivered in less than two weeks. The company is backed by Y Combinator and Start Fund (SV Angel and Yuri Milner). Customers include founder and CEO of Pebble Technology, Eric Migicovsky, and founder and CEO of Apportable, Inc., Collin Jackson.
1299. brex : Brex is the AI-powered spend platform for modern companies, from startups to enterprises. Combining corporate cards, expense management, travel, business accounts, and bill pay, Brex makes it easy to control spend before it happens with unprecedented efficiency and accuracy. Our mission is to empower employees anywhere to make better financial decisions, so we designed our platform to make expenses almost effortless with unrivaled automation of manual expense work and real-time tracking. Brex supports more countries and currencies than any other spend solution. Brex has tens of thousands of customers, including some of the most successful, high-growth companies, such as DoorDash, SeatGeek, Coinbase, ScaleAI, MasterClass, Indeed, Allbirds, and Superhuman. Brex offers: - Corporate cards with 10-20x higher limits - Business accounts with easy wires, same-day liquidity, fast global payments, and $6M in FDIC insurance - Reward options that include billboards, offsites, and coaching - Founder-friendly financial modeling tools - Special events and masterclasses for founders - Advanced spend management software as startups grow that includes global capabilities, travel, bill pay and more.
1300. forever-labs : Forever Labs collects and stores adult stem cells, and develops therapies based upon stem cell rejuvenation.
1301. sparkboard : 
1302. caelum-health : Caelum Health treats chronic digestive diseases with digital therapeutics. They are a Y Combinator-backed healthcare startup building the first clinically-proven digital treatment for digestive health and IBS. They believe your healthcare should be personalized and data-driven -- cutting-edge science, top physicians, and expert coaching, all wrapped up in a treatment plan built just for your body.
1303. circleback : Circleback helps teams get the most out of every meeting–whether it's on Zoom, Google Meet, Slack huddles, in-person, or any other meeting platform–by writing notes and automatically taking action on details that matter most. For example, Circleback can automatically identify feature requests that come up in product demo calls and create Linear tasks for each of them, or update your CRM with customer details after a sales call. Before Circleback, Ali led the first integration of LLMs into the Stripe support product and Kevin worked on predictive analytics at Tableau as a senior software engineer.
1304. localon : LocalOn provides customer relationship management tools to small businesses. For more information, visit www.localon.com
1305. onward : Onward is a new take on conversation intelligence and automation. We streamline follow-ups, CRM updates, ticket creation, and other tasks after every conversation — helping you connect this knowledge to the rest of your tools.
1306. yezza : Yezza makes it easy for small businesses in SE Asia to create storefronts on WhatsApp. Our MRR is $40K with $3M monthly GMV, from 1500 orders every day. We are profitable. Not only for selling goods & products, Yezza also built features to fit with many use cases in WhatsApp Commerce. For example, social media influencers use Yezza to deal with brands using WhatsApp. We found that customers also make table reservations through WhatsApp. Merchants pay us $12 per month & up to $0.25 per order. With 50M WhatsApp Business downloads in SE Asia, this creates a $7.2B market opportunity. Interestingly, a similar buying-via-WhatsApp behavior exists in Latin America & Africa. Previously, we bootstrapped a tech-enabled travel company to $12M in annual revenue, by selling travel packages using WhatsApp. We built & used this product for 4 years in our previous company. During COVID19, we offshoot it to become a standalone business called Yezza. Yezza is now backed by Y Combinator & angel who worked at Facebook/WhatsApp.
1307. lawdingo : Lawdingo gets people in touch with a lawyer very quickly. Lawdingo gives people seeking legal services direct access to independent lawyers who can help them. Such attorneys usually have more flexible hours, lower rates, and greater interest in customer service than to their larger firm counterparts. The problem is that there is so many such lawyers; how is someone supposed to figure out who is right for them, and who has some time to take on their case? Fair question. Coincidentally, we started Lawdingo to answer just that. If you're looking for a lawyer, we encourage you to try finding an easier way to get one to work for you. If you are a lawyer working in solo or small practice, we encourage you to find a more effective way to grow your law practice. We also encourage you not to take our word for it. Read what Solo Practice University, the ABA Journal, FindLaw, AboveTheLaw, TechCrunch, Lifehacker, and others say about us. This isn't some fly-by-the-night company. This is the future of the legal industry. We hope you'll get in touch. Lawdingo was started by Nikhil Nirmel (nikhil@lawdingo.com), an entrepreneur with a background at Yelp and Wharton Undergrad, and Dan Langevin , a ridiculously talented technologist who was formerly CTO of Lifebooker. Lawdingo has backing from Y Combinator and other investors.
1308. lingt : Lingt empowers teachers to speak more with their students. Create and manage online speaking assignments for use in the classroom.
1309. tilt-2 : You can buy or share our bicycles and e-bikes for health, fitness, and mobility. Today, our bikes can be found in hundreds of communities across Bangalore, Mumbai, Delhi NCR and Pune.
1310. kodex : Kodex makes it easy for companies to process, and respond to, subpoenas from governments around the world. Agencies, like the FBI, subpoena user data from customers like Coinbase, and thousands of other companies - without Kodex, companies largely rely on email, fax, and spreadsheets to manage them. Kodex is a SaaS tool that helps private sector companies manage relationships, workflows, and secure file transfer with government agencies who are seeking confidential information on a company's users. We streamline compliance operations, protect the privacy of their users, reduce error, and validate the legitimacy of government agents who are requesting information.
1311. sennu-ai : Sennu AI is building AI agents for Tech Consulting Firms. We aim to be the all-in-one platform for these firms to run their business on from sales to resource management to project operations. We are starting off with sales.
1312. easel : Easel was borne out of our frustration with the current state of design tools. Development tools have improved as the web has matured but design tools haven't. We started Easel because we want to create better design tools for the Web. Easel is a member of the Summer 2012 Y-Combinator batch and is located in the San Francisco Bay Area.
1313. consus : Consus is your single source of truth for government specifications, standards, or handbooks. We verify the active revision of documents, notify you when documents are updated, and make it easy to extract the relevant information. Win new business or execute existing contracts faster with Consus.
1314. pandasai : PandasAI is an open-source library for conversational data analysis. Enterprises can connect their dataframes, databases or datalakes and do data analysis in plain english. For example, PandasAI can be used by everyone in the company to visualize data or to ask complex queries and extract valuable insights for better data-informed decisions.
1315. cafe : Café connects teams across your organization through real-life interactions. Build human connection, give your workplace purpose, and increase cross-collaboration — all in one place
1316. heo-robotics : HEO Robotics visually monitors satellites for governments and defence. We do this by transforming existing Earth observation satellites with software to image other satellites as they fly close by.
1317. care-weather : Care Weather collects the highest-accuracy global weather data to help governments and shipping companies adapt to extreme weather. The data is collected by Care Weather’s unique flat-panel radar satellite, which is 1000X more cost effective because it’s vertically integrated, gets more solar power, and sails on top of the atmosphere for a closer view of the surface. Our team includes CEO Patrick Walton (NASA Earth science fellow) and CTO Alex Laraway (mach 4 rockets). In the last 4 months, we built and launched the smallest radar satellite ever. We have $35M worth of LOIs, including one from the Air Force and others from cargo shippers. Care Weather is backed by Boost VC, Kickstart Seed Fund, Y Combinator, and more.
1318. nest-genomics : Nest is a lab-agnostic, comprehensive solution for organizations to launch and implement large-scale genomic programs. The platform includes the ability to triage, consent, and counsel patients for genetic testing, provide EMR-integrated clinical decision support for providers managing patients with genetic results, and manage patients’ clinical needs across the continuum of care.
1319. ionworks : Every battery company spends tens of millions of dollars a year on experiments. Simulations that replace experiments reduce these costs but are currently underutilized in industry because they are hard to create and run. We make simulations accessible to every engineer, by helping them to create models from their own data, then run large scale simulations in the cloud to explore the full design space.
1320. alieo-games : Creative Learning Through Play! We make games that tap into innate desires for achievement and creative expression. We use artificial intelligence to personalize the learning experience to the individual. We are enabling a new generation of confident and enthusiastic learners.
1321. haystack-software : Haystack is a a canvas-based IDE that automates the tedious and mechanical steps of software development -- plumbing, refactoring, and finding code -- so that software engineers can focus on the important parts. In Haystack, users can explore and edit their code on a 2D canvas with a navigational copilot assisting every step of their way.
1322. juni-learning : Juni is a membership-driven learning platform designed to help each student discover and pursue their passions with joy. The company offers award-winning curriculums in Computer Science, Math, and English for students 7-18 taught by near-peer instructors from top universities and access to a global community. Through project-centered courses, best-in-class technology, and the power of community, Juni’s varied learning experiences prepare students for their best future. Juni is backed by Forerunner Ventures, Index Ventures, Y Combinator Co-founder Jessica Livingston, Arielle Zuckerberg, and more. The company is headquartered in San Francisco and was recently featured in Forbes, Fortune, WSJ, Fast Company and TechCrunch.
1323. zipio : 
1324. double-2 : Double lets anyone design and invest in their own stock index that’s advised, managed and tax optimized by Double.
1325. abhi : An early wage access platform allowing salaried employees to draw down a percentage of their accrued salary before the next payroll cycle. Helping employees to avoid late payment fee on bills, access emergency cash and substitute expensive debt. We work on a B2B2C model allowing companies to extend the product as a benefits program to their employee base.
1326. autumn : Autumn is an abstraction layer between your database and Stripe that lets you build any pricing plan and control feature entitlement.
1327. profig : Profig provides transcriptions, call tracking, voice broadcasting, CRM integration and other custom features to businesses.
1328. bonsai : Founded with the purpose of empowering anyone to work for themselves, Bonsai is the trusted back-office software solution for 500,000+ small businesses and self-employed around the world. Bonsai helps individuals and teams manage their clients, deliver great work, get paid on time and track finances - all in the same place and integrated together to make running a business as seamless as possible.
1329. think-gaming : Think Gaming uses data science to connect the best mobile freemium games with publishers and investors that can help them grow. We've analyzed 5000+ games using a proprietary data set to find the keys to predictable success. Our free Scouting Reports compare games to top grossing peers and assess their likelihood of becoming the next billion dollar mobile game.
1330. shef : At Shef, we’re rebuilding the food system from scratch, redefining who can participate in the food economy, and returning personal connection to the making, eating, and sharing of food. Shef is an online marketplace for local, food safety certified cooks to connect with customers in their community and earn a meaningful income selling homemade dishes. 75% of shefs are women and 80% are people of color. Together, they represent nearly 100 countries around the world, from Algeria to Korea, to India and Venezuela. Shefs are aunties and abuelas, immigrants and refugees, stay-at-home parents and restaurant dreamers. They’re passionate local cooks in your community who are doing what they love most — sharing their food and culture with you. Shef is also part of a growing movement to build a more inclusive food system for all. We are proud to support and champion advocacy efforts to expand home cooking laws across the country so that talented cooks everywhere can earn a meaningful income from their own kitchens. Join us: https://jobs.lever.co/shef
1331. bloom-institute-of-technology : Bloom Institute of Technology is a full computer science education that's free until you get a high-paying job. We invest in our students, train them for free, and take a portion of income if they get a job above a certain threshold. If they never make above that threshold or don't get a job in the chosen field, they never pay us a dime.
1332. pave : We turn your Google Analytics data in actionable insights + reports with our data science AI algorithm. We're a Y Combinator-backed company, and our users include Four Seasons Private Residences and Scribd.
1333. liv-labs-inc : Liv Labs is a consumer healthtech company making modern solutions for incontinence. 29 million American women worry about leaking pee in public: an $8B market. Liv Labs is developing convenient self-care versions of proven-effective clinical treatments, including adaptive health coaching software and a novel continence pessary. Device inventor, Carly Price, reimagined the humble pillow for Casper and now leads digital retail design at Walmart. Company CEO, Melody Roberts, incubated digital service experiences now scaling globally at McDonald’s and Panera. We’ve raised $2.6M, including NIH and NSF grants, based on stellar effectiveness data and user feedback like, “With this, surgery is off the table.” US, European and Hong Kong utility patents have issued; Australia will soon. Our FDA-reviewed clinical trial launched at Northwestern University and continues at the OSU and UAB.
1334. sorcerer : Sorcerer builds weather balloons that collect 1000x more data than traditional systems. We have $5.5+ of signed LOIs with the US National Weather Service, the Department of Defense, and the government of El Salvador.
1335. maverick-biometals : Maverick BioMetals is a biotechnology company advancing lithium processing. The company was founded by Eric Herrera, former Department of Defense scientist, and Jesse Evans, former startup operations manager. We've developed a biological process to efficiently extract lithium from hard rock deposits. Our custom process is greener, more energy efficient, and cost effective compared to the current methods of extracting lithium. We're currently developing partnerships with mining companies to further the commercialization of our technology.
1336. termius : Termius is an SSH client that works on desktop and mobile. It syncs and shares data via a secure vault in the cloud, like a password manager. With Termius, engineering and DevOps teams can share the list of servers that can be organized in groups and tagged for faster search. Termius also has built-in Terminal and Snippet Sharing. Terminal Sharing enables getting instant help from colleagues via providing a unique link instantly, and snippets are frequently-used shell commands that allow teammates to learn from each other easily.
1337. unriddle : Unriddle is a web app that helps industry and academic researchers read, write and find research papers really quickly. In just one year we've grown to 1.6M users including teams at Stanford University, GSK and Johns Hopkins. We're using language models to help researchers quickly and deeply understand papers, write literature reviews, prepare citations and keep the whole research team on the same page. Analyzing the key themes and gaps in a field usually means going through hundreds of papers, which is both time-consuming and disorganized. Researchers also might struggle to understand a paper's importance when working across different disciplines without the necessary context. Unriddle understands the context behind your research. It synthesizes relevant findings, highlights connections between papers and suggests related studies you might have missed. We’re starting with software to read, write and find papers, but our ultimate goal is to build the researcher of the future: a human-AI hybrid that’s an order of magnitude more effective than any individual researcher.
1338. nuanced : We're building tools that combine static analysis with AI to obtain a deeper understanding of code behavior. By doing so, we help both humans and machines understand code behavior at a fundamental level.
1339. curious-fictions : Read short stories on the go, tip authors for stories you love.
1340. buxfer : 
1341. teleport : Our open source Infrastructure Access Platform helps developers and security professionals to simplify secure access to servers, Kubernetes, internal web apps, databases, and cloud provider APIs across all environments.
1342. tigereye : As experts in machine learning and mobile enterprise, TigerEye is uniquely qualified to reimagine what smart sales software is capable of delivering to a multigenerational workforce. At our last startup, PlanGrid, we saw firsthand what using legacy software did to our team — it slowed us down. We have the necessary skills and unwavering desire to build better tools for sales leaders. TigerEye is the solution to make faster strategic decisions.
1343. guesty : Guesty’s property management software provides property managers and management companies with an end-to-end solution to simplify the complex operational needs of short term rentals. With Guesty, users can manage listings from multiple online travel agencies including Airbnb, Booking.com, Agoda and TripAdvisor, and utilize the company’s guest-centric tools including: Unified Inbox, Automation Tools, 24/7 Guest Communication Services, Payment Processing and more.
1344. pylon : Pylon provides water and electricity distribution companies, in emerging markets, with a platform for reducing their losses as well as opening new revenue streams. These losses are coming from leakages, consumption thefts, and uncollected bills, amongst others. We have signed 11 utilities onto our platform across 2 countries and connected our systems to over 560k endpoints. Today our average client has reduced their aggregate revenue losses by 45% Expanding in Africa, LATAM, and SEA.
1345. mezmo : Mezmo, formerly LogDNA, is an observability platform to manage and take action on your data. It ingests, processes, and routes log data to fuel enterprise-level application development and delivery, security, and compliance use cases. Mezmo was brought to life by three-time co-founders Chris Nguyen and Lee Liu and included in the Winter 2015 batch of Y Combinator. In 2018 the company partnered with tech giant, IBM, to become the sole logging provider for IBM Cloud. Mezmo is on a mission to empower people who build solutions that shape the world. We’re doing this by delivering a platform that enables enterprises to get more value from their observability data in real time, regardless of source, destination, use case, or scale. We’re not the only ones working on this problem but we have a few things the others don’t. We’re cloud-native and know how to make the most of modern technology like Kubernetes. We have scaled a solution from zero to petabyte scale in a short amount of time, while supporting thousands of active users across multiple environments. We are hungry for change and are surrounded by enterprises telling us they’re hungry, too. We have a kick-ass group of people who are thinking about the problem analytically and are excited to change the observability world for the better. Mezmo has helped some of the world’s most innovative companies transform how they manage their systems and applications. Still, we know that we can help them get more value from their observability data by providing more flexibility and control over how they use it. This will enable teams to spend less time switching between data silos so they can focus on shipping better, more resilient, and secure products. We have momentum on our side. Last year we saw triple digit revenue growth and added 800 new customers to our roster. Recent accolades include being named to YC’s Top Companies, CRN’s 10 Hottest DevOps Startups, and EMA’s Top 3 Observability Platforms.
1346. iomete : The IOMETE Self-Hosted Data Lakehouse Platform unifies all data - regardless of where the data resides - enabling large-scale analytics (BI/ML/AI) on the entire data set. IOMETE runs always in the customer's environment, whether on premises, on public cloud or private cloud thereby maximizing data security, data privacy and data ownership while reducing cost.
1347. forage-mail : Forage filters out the noise in your inbox, summarizes your newsletters, and sends you a beautiful daily summary. It works right inside your existing mail app, learns your preferences, and keeps you in control.
1348. viddy : A brand new way to create landing pages that's video-native. Traditional ways of building landing pages are too costly (money & time) and brands want to experiment more. Our landing pages rely on video content to do the heavy lifting from a dev & design perspective. Our landing pages convert well (+15-30% across channels such as paid ads, email, and sms) and take <20min to create. This means brands can test over 10x what the currently do with Viddy.
1349. tokenowl : TokenOwl aggregates crypto and other financial accounts in one place with trustless AI. It lets highly active traders calculate taxes with greater accuracy and generate AI powered insights about their portfolio. Users can execute trades with prompts, build custom dashboards, and query their logs in natural language. Low fee networks like Solana have brought a new generation of traders with thousands of transactions, and TokenOwl saves them hours of time and unlocks analytics that lead to higher profitability.
1350. breezeful : Breezeful gets you the best mortgage online from start to close. Instead of dealing with multiple banks, credit checks and in-person meetings, we’ll use your income, credit score, and other financial data from your application to negotiate with hundreds of lenders on your behalf in seconds.
1351. ai-sell : We're building AI Sales Associates for eCommerce. Imagine going on nike.com and facetiming an AI Lebron James and getting his advice on which his shoes to buy. Traditional brick-and-mortar retail stores rely on sales associates to provide personalized customer service, guide product discovery and close sales, but it's always been too expensive and unscaleable for online stores. We're building video-based AI agents that are experts in their products and can gently steer customers to a purchase, delighting customers and lifting conversion/AOV. Jerry and Jeffrey are brothers who previously worked together to scale The Coding School to a 6mil+ in revenue. Jerry built software to help run the 50+ Shopify brands that Openstore acquired more profitably and efficiently. He was also an engineer at Flexport and Google. Jeffrey previously worked at DRW as a quant trader, and as an engineer at Facebook, Snowflake and Amazon.
1352. retape : Increase collections and lower operational costs with our infinitely scalable AI agents.
1353. pakible : 2000+ customers use Pakible including Samsung, Reddit, Soylent, and the Golden State Warriors. We make it insanely easy to design, price, and manufacture custom product packaging. Leveraging in house software to automate operations, an incredibly user-friendly customer-facing interface, plus amazing people + vendors. Pakible is an unbeatable experience and price compared to brokers or direct manufacturers. Packaging is the most slept-on market in the world, a $500B market just domestically representing over 2% of US GDP. We're a startup of < 10 people. Come build something special with us, and have a huge role in doing so.
1354. shepherd-2 : Shepherd is a Learning assistant for schools to provide to their students. Shepherd seamlessly combines AI-enabled self-study, affordable tutoring, peer collaboration, and analytics for a personalized learning experience that is both efficient and effective.
1355. codeant-ai : CodeAnt AI is an AI code reviewer that helps you find and fix critical code quality issues and security vulnerabilities in 30+ languages. Start your 7-day free trial today!. We are SOC 2 compliant, and are live in small teams to large unicorns.
1356. showandtell : ShowAndTell creates AI agents for dental patient operations. Our agents educate patients, boost case acceptance, and build lasting trust. We enable dental staff to focus on patient care rather than patient operations.
1357. paradedb : ParadeDB is an Elasticsearch alternative built on Postgres. We're modernizing the features of Elasticsearch's product suite, starting with real-time search and analytics.
1358. sails-co : The Sails Company was founded by the original author and maintainers of the Sails framework. In addition to free and open-source software, The Sails Company offers a full-service web & mobile studio and professional support for the tools we maintain.
1359. zinc : Our team has built listing creation, inventory management, repricing, and fulfillment software currently used by tens of thousands of the top Amazon and eBay sellers. We power the entire product catalog for dozens of US and international e-commerce sites. Our founders and lead engineers hail from MIT and have worked at top-tier Silicon Valley companies including Palantir, Stripe, Dropbox, Nest, and Optimizely. Thousands of small business owners around the world make a living using Zinc's software. As the backbone of these online stores, Zinc's software powers hundreds of millions of dollars in annual sales. We offer an unconventional work environment focused on results, not hours. Zinc is backed by Y Combinator and some of the best angel investors in Silicon Valley, but we are also profitable and independent.
1360. avocademy : Avocademy was born from a need for more diverse designers. Current design programs are expensive and not accessible. We make it accessible for anyone to break into the field and change careers. Our students are 75% women, 65% BIPOC, & 33% LGBTQ+.
1361. mono : We allow companies to access data from their customers bank accounts and allow them to debit money from these same bank accounts.
1362. scrimba : Scrimba is a coding course platform with over 120K monthly active students. It's based on a new video format that makes the screencasts fully interactive for students, and easier to create for teachers. Our vision is to create a coding school that has the quality of Stanford but the price of a gym membership.
1363. billforward : San Francisco-based BillForward a YCombinator company is comprised of talented and passionate folks who are excited by the challenges and opportunities of subscription billing. We offer a flexible and innovative billing platform, which gives any type of recurring-payment based businesses the ability to bill customers for sophisticated products and carry out in-depth revenue analysis. Launched in Jan 2013 the platform has already gained great traction in the Telecoms, SaaS, Product as Service and Platform as a Service industries, where product managers and CFO’s have realized that the ability to change their offering in hours, rather than weeks, can give them an edge on the competition.
1364. sandra-ai : Sandra AI builds AI employees for car dealerships and auto repair shops, starting with AI receptionists. Dealerships miss 30% of customer calls, leading to 45% of customers switching dealerships and up to $2M in annual lost revenue per dealership. Sandra AI operates 24/7, handling calls, emails, and texts, and directly schedules appointments, ensuring no opportunity is lost. As the first voice AI fully integrated with key dealership systems, Sandra AI is uniquely positioned to capture a significant market. Within two weeks of launch, Sandra AI signed 22 dealerships. The founding team is composed of ex-McKinsey who graduated from Ecole Polytechnique, MIT, and HEC Paris.
1365. erad : erad provides startups in the Middle East with non-dilutive growth capital. Connect your sales, marketing and banking data and receive an offer within 48 hours. Get access to key insights and analysis about your business.
1366. sorted : The first completely automated SaaS management software. Scrap the spreadsheets and avoid slack surveys when you need to run compliance audits, provisioning users, or track unused licenses. Sorted provides visibility to admins in 2 minutes without sacrificing employee flexibility.
1367. fuse-2 : AI-powered analysis of healthcare contracts and payments to help providers detect underpayments, compare their negotiated rates, and identify opportunities to boost revenue from insurers. If you know senior finance execs in health systems, partners in healthcare PE, or mid to large sized healthcare practice owners, please do connect us. We won’t waste their time: +1 628 468 3232.
1368. dorian-therapeutics : 
1369. anjuna : Anjuna makes hardware-grade application and data protection simple, fast and enterprise-ready. Anjuna software enables IT to “lift and shift” applications and data into the hardware-encrypted confines of a secure enclave, protecting them from malicious software, insiders, and bad actors. Available from every major chip, cloud, and system vendor, secure enclaves are the data security gold standard. Unlike point memory-only enclave solutions that require expensive and complicated software rewrites, Anjuna enables enterprises to achieve managed enterprise-class enclave protection that span memory, storage, networks, and clouds in minutes--without recoding. Anjuna is based in Palo Alto, California.
1370. dagworks-inc : We’re on a mission to enable everyone to build reliable AI agents & AI applications. We're fully open source, and provide a unique integrated development & observability experience for those building anything in the AI space. This is the first step towards laying the foundations for Composable AI Systems; all AI systems need observability and introspection to be first class for them to be reliable. How? We're standardizing how people write python to express data, ML, LLM, & agent workflows/pipelines/applications with lightweight frameworks. So that no matter the author, it'll be easy to collaborate, connect, and importantly in one line integrate observability and datastore needs. This speeds up time to production and reduces TCO because code remains easy to maintain and your data flywheel stays manageable. So you can increase the top line & bottom line of your business by delivering on AI that is reliable. We've got two open source projects: - one focused on AI applications, called Burr (https://github.com/dagworks-inc/burr). - one focused on AI pipelines/workflows, called Hamilton (https://github.com/dagworks-inc/hamilton) see https://www.tryhamilton.dev Both Hamilton & Burr come with self-hostable UIs (+ enterprise & SaaS offerings). With a one-line code change, you get versioning, lineage / tracing, cataloging, and observability out of the box with Hamilton. With Burr you get tracing, observability and persistence in a single line addition.
1371. fleek : Fleek is a B2B Wholesale Marketplace for second-hand fashion. Our buyers are vintage stores and online resellers; our suppliers are used clothing wholesalers, rag-houses, and donation centres.
1372. zynq : Zynq makes company offices smart with an all-in-one workspace management platform that redefines the relationship between people x space x time. Companies using Zynq can fully embrace the Hybrid Office, giving employees a quick way to find the best time and space to collaborate, meet with guests, and much more.
1373. mozper : Mozper is bringing the weekly allowance into the digital era in Latin America. About 70% of the population in the region has never received formal financial education, and do not have the right tools to teach their children. In Brazil and Mexico alone, parents give more than $10B each year in pocket money to kids. Currently, parents must choose between giving their kids cash or handing over their own credit/debit cards. Mozper is a debit card and app where parents can give their kids an allowance, set spending rules (so they can't blow it all on video games), assign chores and even create and track savings goals. Mozper is currently available in Mexico.
1374. aragorn-ai : Aragorn enables people ops and IT teams to continuously maintain employee data across diverse systems in a reliable, scalable, and cost-effective manner, all on a single platform - whether through API, EDI, Webhook, or file feeds.
1375. unsloth-ai : Unsloth helps builders create custom models better & faster. We're developing the all in one solution to help you create highly-accurate custom models 30x faster with 90% less memory use. With over 15 million monthly model downloads and 15K GitHub stars, our mission is to make fine-tuning and open-source the best it can be!
1376. ubits : We help Spanish-speaking companies create, execute and measure their online learning strategy. We offer more than 5.000 courses across three categories: Soft skills, business, and tech skills.
1377. finnt : Finnt AI Agents improve and accelerate Corporate Finance procedures in FP&A, Controllership, Accounting, Tax etc.
1378. brewit : Brewit helps companies to create their role-specific BI agents, trained on their database (through feeding sample queries, metric definitions, column descriptions, etc. to create a semantic layer) that can answer data questions/provide data insights (write SQL, generate plots) through a natural language experience.
1379. rainmaker : Rainmaker is an account abstraction-based crypto wallet that makes DeFi investing simple and fast. Set up a wallet with just an email, instantly deposit funds from your bank or credit card, and invest in DeFi without gas fees.
1380. gaiia : 
1381. onebrief : Virtually everything in the military requires a plan—from everyday operations to war-time missions. With a rigorous process, many stakeholders, and rudimentary software (PowerPoint!!), planning is very slow. Onebrief is a collaborative software designed to make military planning fast. It turns every input into reusable building blocks and automatically keeps all planning artifacts in sync.
1382. preloop : Only 2 out of 10 ML models make it from experiment to production. Preloop helps automate the process of deployment, helping companies realize more value from their machine learning teams, while focusing teams' attention on science instead of engineering.
1383. lucira-health : Diassess Inc. is revolutionizing the way infectious diseases are prevented, diagnosed, and monitored by developing the tools necessary to empower people to become knowledgeable about their health. We produce inexpensive, disposable health diagnostic hardware that transforms any smartphone into a portable, real-time health-monitoring device for rapid, accessible, multiplexed analysis of bodily fluids anywhere in the world.
1384. matano : Matano is a modern SIEM, built for cloud-first security teams. It replaces traditional SIEM databases like Splunk or Elastic with a cybersecurity platform built on top of a cost-effective Security Data Lake.
1385. stylebee : STYLEBEE is a beauty services provider, offering affordable and premier hair and make-up services to our clients anywhere, at any time. Our clients range from the working mom to the busy professional to the social weekender to the celebrity – common to them all is that they believe looking and feeling their best makes them be their best. Our highly vetted, seasoned beauty professionals provide each and every woman with a customized, glamorous experience - every day is an event. STYLEBEE empowers every woman/man to experience beauty/men's grooming on their own terms. We help women everywhere, at any time, look and feel beautiful – because when you feel amazing, you make amazing things happen.
1386. draft : Draft is a streamlined online word processor with version control. Draft offers clean saves of drafts instead of the usual autosave jumble, clear version control between multiple users, easy importing from popular file services like Dropbox and Evernote, and something pretty unique — an editing service. Built by one-man Y Combinator team Nathan Kontny (previously the cofounder of Inkling and Cityposh), the web app puts solo writing first. Its interface makes a point of looking nice, with the words you write appearing in large, plain-text font on a light-gray background.
1387. cone : Cone is a platform for all finance and accounting needs for SMBs. We help these businesses with bookkeeping, tax filing, compliance, vendor payments and financial reporting
1388. manatee : We let you see everything about how prospects interact with your demos, then convert them into paying customers.
1389. hiro-systems : Hiro System builds developer tools for Bitcoin L1 and the Stacks L2 (layer-2). Stacks is a Bitcoin layer for smart contracts; it's an open-source project with an ecosystem of independent entities. Hiro serves 350M+ monthly API requests and thousands of crypto users on dev products.
1390. proxis : Proxis is the first dedicated platform for LLM distillation and serving, unlocking production ready models at 1/10th the cost. Fine-tuning frontier models like GPT-4 on proprietary data is expensive, and locks customers into one external closed source model provider. To solve this, enterprise AI teams can use Proxis to distill state-of-the-art Llama 405b into an efficient model tuned on their own data, which is 5x faster and 10x cheaper than closed source alternatives.
1391. healthtech-1 : Healthtech-1 automates repetitive processes for healthcare systems. We’re starting with the world’s most famous: the NHS. We’re already live in over 400+ primary care practices. Based out of Raj's parents' Primary Care practice the Healthtech 1 team are systematically digitising the repetitive processes they experience everyday, saving thousands of hours of staff time. Why now? The UK's National Health Service (NHS) delivers free healthcare in 590 million patient contacts every year. Post-pandemic, Britain's most treasured institution is in crisis. Patient satisfaction is at 25 year low and 1/7 staff are applying for Non-NHS jobs fuelling an 11% recruitment gap. By digitising the 100s of repetitive processes in healthcare, Healthtech 1 will reverse the trend, and produce the world's most productive health care system.
1392. hype : Trade memes, crypto and send crypto to your friends Download Hype here: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/hype-trade-memes/id6477802830
1393. kemnet : KemNet supplies pharmacies with premium reformulations of popular drugs that are more useful for specific groups of patients. For example, more than 30 pharmacies rely on KemNet to supply reformulated products for erectile dysfunction that work up to 8 times faster than alternatives. In addition to sexual function, products reformulated for novel drug delivery and supplied on KemNet include medications for hair growth, pain, weight loss and women's health.
1394. aether-energy : Aether is an AI-powered end-to-end platform for rooftop solar and roofing installers in the US and Western European markets. Some of our innovations: - In-house computer vision and fine-tuned AI models built for solar - Rapid and accurate photovoltaic site design, 10x faster - Co-pilot for rooftop solar to streamline & automate various tasks for solar installers. Why it’s needed: Today, rooftop solar is still complex, expensive, and inaccurate. More than half of the cost of a rooftop solar project comes from soft costs. We started Aether with the sole aim of reducing solar soft costs. Our vision: Aether will be a big player in the young and emerging Solar software vertical, which has a projected 20B Global TAM up for grabs by 2025.
1395. pideaky : Pideaky helps offline LatAm SMBs manage and accelerate their cash flow through AI collection agents, which remind, collect, and negotiate bills on behalf of SMBS in Latam. We focus on the massively underserved $70B/year customer segment as our wedge — Mexican corner shops and corner shop providers:
1396. fly-io : We run app servers and databases close to end users. Developers deploy their apps to Fly.io (it's about the simplest place to deploy a Docker Image) and use our CLI to launch instances in regions that are most important for their application.
1397. heycharge : EV charging infrastructure today is expensive, difficult to install, and doesn't integrate well with existing products, services, and businesses. HeyCharge solves all of these problems with ultra-low-cost, plug-and-play EV chargers that don't require internet connections and integrate with third-party products via our SDK and APIs. Our customers are energy utilities, property operators, mobility service providers, and more.
1398. stoic : We are on a mission to help people understand what influence how they feel and what they can do to feel better. Stoic has more than 3 000 000 downloads, 50 000 reviews with a 4.8/5 average and you can find it here http://apple.co/-stoic and here http://apple.co/stoic
1399. focus-buddy : Reach out to us at founders@focusbuddy.ai Focus buddy is an AI productivity coach that stays on calls with you and help you accomplish your important work goals on a daily basis, even when you are struggling to focus. We noticed that our users develop a productive relationship with Focus Buddy. Users stay on calls for multiple hours everyday where they depend on Focus Buddy to: • Avoid procrastination and get started: Address hidden anxieties, embrace imperfection, chunk tasks, kickstart with mini-goals, and use regular check-ins to maintain momentum. • Recover from distractions and stay focused: Focus Buddy detects when they are working on less important tasks or scrolling on social media, help them overcome the underlying concerns feeding the distraction, and help them get back to the important task • Manage stress and Prevent Burnout: Focus Buddy detects stress buildup, integrates mindfulness habits to the workflow, helps take short rejuvenating breaks, and stay composed. Our Initial ICP is people with ADHD who are highly motivated but also highly blocked by internal and environmental factors. In the future, we believe each worker should have their own personal coach that enforces proven productivity techniques in real time to help them extract more focused hours every day with the same effort.
1400. indee-labs : Intracellular delivery is the most problematic step in T cell immunotherapy discovery, development and manufacturing. Indee Labs is developing a non-viral intracellular delivery system based on microfluidic vortex shedding (µVS) to rapidly deliver nucleic acids, proteins and gene editing complexes to patient and donor T cells with minimal perturbation.
1401. radmate-ai : We’re building the AI copilot for radiologists, powered by a foundational model for medical imaging. RadMate AI will read radiology images and generate full reports for radiologists to review and submit. Mohamed and Adam are technical co-founders who met while studying Computer Science at Cornell University. Before starting RadMate AI to solve the problems his dad faced as a radiologist, Adam worked at Palantir on the initial launch of Palantir’s Al Platform. Mohamed has experience at AWS, where his goal was to help enterprises innovate on the cloud, and PathAl, where he worked on their image viewer platform to improve the workflow of pathologists.
1402. slauth-io : Slauth.io generates and rightsizes IAM policies in order to save engineering time and secure the organization. We use PR's to suggest what good functional and secure IAM policies should look like and integrate with IaC (Terraform) to have a seamless end-to-end IAM policy creation and deployment. Save hundreds of DevOps engineering time each year and increase your security to scale faster.
1403. trendpop : Trendpop is the leading analytics and insights platform for short-form video marketing. We’re on a mission to help anyone go viral on social video platforms. We’re a deeply technical team that has taken a data-first approach to this problem: our core engine has collected over a billion social video posts that are analyzed with state-of-the-art algorithms to understand the recommendation algorithms that power virality. Trendpop was co-founded by Yoav Zimmerman (CEO) and Jonathan (Yoni) Ben-tzur (CTO) in August 2020, raising money from YCombinator (W21) to build Trendpop and growing to profitability in 12 short months. In January 2022, Trendpop was acquired by Collab, a veteran company in the digital creator space and an official TikTok creative and marketing partner. Today, Trendpop powers the TikTok marketing programs of top major record labels in North America and is quickly expanding to new markets in the film, television, beauty, and DTC eCommerce industry. Trendpop is currently used by leading marketing and A&R professionals in the music industry (both indie and major) to help their artists go viral on TikTok and hundreds of brands and creators who consistently win on social video.
1404. bytebot : Bytebot simplifies and streamlines web tasks by translating natural language prompts into browser automation, including clicks, form filling, and data extraction. The no-code playground enables users to develop robust, dynamic web automation scripts that adapt alongside changing web environments. Effortless to use and easy to integrate, Bytebot helps users boost their workflow efficiency and drive growth, all without the complexity.
1405. greentally : GreenTally is a carbon accounting platform built for all businesses that transforms environmental reporting from a complex, expensive ordeal into a streamlined, affordable process. Using LLM, we help companies measure their carbon footprint in hours instead of months. GreenTally automates emissions calculations and reporting, enabling businesses to meet regulatory requirements and track reduction targets without the overhead of consultants or dedicated sustainability teams. By making enterprise-grade carbon accounting accessible and practical, GreenTally empowers growing businesses to take control of their sustainability journey.
1406. fondo : Fondo is the easy way for startups to get their bookkeeping done, taxes filed, and cash back from the IRS (average startup gets $21k). We’ll optimize and file your taxes, and you’ll get cash back — up to $500k per year. Need more help? We’ll also do your bookkeeping, so you don’t have to worry about a thing.
1407. dataleap : Dataleap is a GenAI-powered market research platform for management consulting firms and corporate strategy departments. Think Perplexity for Consultants. We combine the natural language interface from chatGPT with trusted, verifiable market data from best-in-class data providers. We do the heavy lifting of aggregating all data sources into a single interface. We optimize the whole market research workflow from finding the right information, managing the internal knowledge base as well as sharing information with team members. We already work with leading consultancies like BCG and industry giants like Siemens Energy and Uniper.
1408. sherloq : Companies use Sherloq as their single source of truth for their SQL on top of their existing data stack. Today, data-driven organizations face the challenge of giving 2 of their data analysts the same task and getting 2 totally different results from their analysis. Although SQL is the #1 coding language for data analysis, it is still managed independently on each user's internal documentation tools (notepads, Slack channels, or docx files). Creating one source of truth is an ongoing difficult process, that’s done manually and takes time to implement. Using our plugin on top of our user's existing query editors, companies can now manage their SQL code in one place. We ourselves are data users and we've built Sherloq to fit the exact needs of data teams, becoming a true alternative to the way SQL is being managed today.
1409. laminar : Laminar is an open-source platform which provides observability, text analytics, evals and prompt chain management for AI agent.
1410. onyx-private : Onyx is a modern, accessible private bank for the next generation of affluent young professionals. We offer a unified digital-native premium banking and wealth management experience tailored for the overlooked groups of young high-earners and illiquid entrepreneurs, investors, and tech employees. Onyx aims to be the next-generation UBS.
1411. kern-systems : DNA has emerged as a compelling data storage medium due to its density, longevity, and eternal relevance compared to current memory technologies. However, the high price of synthesizing DNA remains a major bottleneck for adoption of this promising storage solution. We are pioneering new approaches to synthesizing DNA for data storage with enzymes and custom digital codecs. We are building an interdisciplinary team to build the world's most scalable information infrastructure in DNA. We seek technical experts in enzyme engineering, chemistry, hardware engineering, and information theory. We also seek business development to identify emerging markets for early use cases of our technology.
1412. directed-edge : Directed Edge delivers Amazon-like "People who bought this also bought..." and "We think you'd also like"-style recommendations to other sites, using existing data being collected such as purchase or click histories. Recommendations are served in real-time via a REST API, with language bindings in several programming languages to make integration easy.
1413. phospho : phospho aims to provide sdks, tutorials and hardware kits for real-world robotics in Python. The goal is to lower the barrier for entry to robotics so that everyone can start building intelligent robots.
1414. scoutzie : Scoutzie is the best way to find the right designer for your project. We connect top designers from around the world with customers seeking professional design services. -------------------------------------------------- Finding the right person to help you solve a problem shouldn’t be about knowing that person in your circle of acquaintances. The world is getting more and more connected. Everyone should have access to the world’s talentpool. Scoutzie connects you to designers with proven portfolios. We enable you to collaborate directly with some of the best design talents that the world has to offer. We are an exclusive community where each of our members is represented solely through the merits of their work.
1415. mito-health : Mito Health uses blood work and scans to tell our customers what to do to prevent disease and live longer. Customers love having a health expert in their pocket, who knows all about them, and can offer trusted advice. Our program has already helped customers detect cancer early and cut their risk of heart disease.
1416. coldreach : Coldreach helps sales teams find ready-to-buy leads, by monitoring public signals *custom* to your product. For example, it can find who's hiring their first accountant, so an accounting automation product can hit them with a targeted message at the right time. Public data sources (job postings, news articles, 10-k reports, etc.) tell a lot about a company’s priorities and the problems it faces. We train AI sales agents to monitor them and find who needs your help and why. Sales teams know who'd thank them for a cold email/call now, and can sound relevant without hrs of manual research. Typically, targeted outreach yields 2-8x higher booking rate compared to random outreach. **Example intent signals we track**: - Bookkeeping automation product: Monitor who starts to hire human to manually enter invoices - Compliance product: Monitor who recently onboarded a new Compliance Analyst - CRM integrations: Monitor who starts to hire engineers experienced in Salesforce API.
1417. sunpia : Sunpia lets developers easily experience the cost and speed benefits of serverless infrastructure, without having to rewrite their code. Developers annotate their code and Sunpia automatically designs a microservice version of it they can deploy on their own cloud.
1418. ten-lives : We optimize microbial factories to produce proteins at the lowest possible cost and environmental impact. Our mission is to make sustainable protein sources a cost-viable alternative, for all members of the family.
1419. navattic : Navattic helps sales and marketing teams instantly create interactive product demos.
1420. delve : Delve helps fast-growing teams get compliant with an AI-automated platform. Serving 100+ companies on frameworks like SOC 2, HIPAA, ISO 27001, GDPR, PCI DSS, and more.
1421. alokai : Alokai is an award-winning and pioneering global technology startup setting a new standard in online shopping. Alokai is a Frontend as a Service solution that simplifies composable commerce. It connects all the technologies needed to build and deploy fast & scalable ecommerce frontends.Founded in 2021, Alokai (prev. Vue Storefront) is a best-in-class composable commerce solution and market-leading Frontend as a Service currently used by 3000+ live stores around the world. With a remote, global team of 100+ people and offices in San Francisco and Warsaw, Poland, customers include Movado, SPAR Inc., or Brompton Bikes. Supported by 130+ partners and a community of 10,000+ developers, Alokai and its leaders are recipients of several industry awards, including Europe’s top tech startup prize and recognition from Forbes magazine.
1422. spire-law : Spire Law represents businesses and business owners in litigation. Spire Tech Services supports the technology development and marketing for Spire Law. Spire Tech Services was part of the Winter 2019 batch.
1423. polytomic : Polytomic is a no-code web app to sync data between your internal databases, business systems (e.g. Stripe, Salesforce, etc), data warehouses, spreadsheets, and even HTTP APIs.
1424. afternoon-co : Afternoon.co empowers founders to make better business decisions with real time financial metrics. We pair managed AI bookkeeping and tax services, to reduce administrative burden on founders. Accountants struggle serving 4 million+ of ecommerce brands & startups in the US, because of complexity in sales tax, multiple sales channels and inventory management. We automate a large portion of bookkeeping by integrating with their sales and inventory systems, so founders can spend less time doing admin work.
1425. voicepanel : We use AI to help product teams gather customer feedback over chat, voice, or video.
1426. disclo : Disclo is the first software for employers to collect, verify, and manage health disclosures and employee accommodation requests (HIPAA and SOC2 compliant, of course). We help employees secure the enhancements and protections they need to succeed in their careers without having to disclose their underlying medical condition to their employer. We handle the collection of that data, the verification, the secure data management, and much more. Using our patent-pending medical verification system, Disclo validates that an employee's accommodation request is legitimate and required, interacting with medical providers directly, so HR managers can focus on what they do best. We help companies stay compliant with EEOC, ADA, and HIPAA guidelines.
1427. onboard-io : Onboard is a SaaS which automates & streamlines the customer onboarding & implementation process. Easily create dynamic launch plans (customized per customer), which are collaborative with clients and visible to all stakeholders. Onboard is built for onboarding by a team that spent a better part of the last decade onboarding some of the worlds largest brands.
1428. gecko-security : We built Gecko for teams that want to build secure code quickly without wasting time on security tools that don’t deliver results, or relying on one-time human pentests that quickly become outdated. Gecko uses AI to understand how your application should work, simulates relevant attacks to find critical vulnerabilities, and then verifies these vulnerabilities by exploiting them. It also helps you understand the risk of these vulnerabilities and applies a working fix to keep your code secure.
1429. gigabryte : GigaBryte (formerly TinkerTags) is a platform that makes learning to code easy, fun, and cool. We aim to teach a billion kids to create and control interactive systems. Our mission is to put more learners on the ramp towards further STEM and computing experiences by giving kids the chance to code the things they love! GigaBryte introduces late elementary school kids to programming. The platform consists of a drag-and-drop visual programming environment; a wearable device that enables kids to bring their programs into the real world; and an online community where children can share their creations and remix the programs of others. We are also developing a curriculum to introduce fundamental computer science concepts like loops, conditionals, variables, procedures, and more through video tutorials.
1430. purplepages : 
1431. shaped : Increase engagement, conversion, and revenue with a configurable search and recommendation system that adapts in real-time.
1432. vendah : Vendah is democratizing the e-commerce in LATAM by enabling women to resell kitchen and homeware to neighbors and friends. In 3 years we’ve helped 65,000 resellers sell over 10M dollars of goods.
1433. mirror-ai : Mirror Emoji Keyboard by Mirror AI is an app that takes a photo of your face and creates you a set of personalized emoji. You get hundreds of them ready to be shared on messengers or social networks.
1434. hyperglue : There is more text generated than any one person or team can read. A single product team can not hope to sift through their thousands of feedback responses and determine the signal amongst the noise. Hyperglue enables operators, product managers, and analysts to instantly access machine intelligence on large text datasets without the engineering or headcount overhead required to deploy natural language AI within their business.
1435. baseline-ai : The main document in a clinical trial is the study protocol. At large companies, floors of people use the protocol to create the study data collection forms, clinical database design, error checks, analysis code, and data transformation mappings. We use AI to automate the process of creating everything from the protocol, saving not only spend on headcount but also months of time which can translate to up to $27M in direct costs + lost revenue saved for a single phase 3 trial.
1436. kisan-network : Kisan Network is a tech enabled and fully integrated PAN India agri produce supply chain. We connect small and marginal farmers directly to businesses anywhere in the country, with each step digitally captured and monitored on our proprietary management portal. As a result, farmers are able to earn 10% more than prevalent market prices for their produce. Our system, built on the 3 pillars of 1) 100% integration 2) Standardisation w.r.t. on-field practices and, 3) Transparency for all stakeholders is a departure from the opaque and inconsistent traditional supply chain which thrives on the high levels of fragmentation in the ecosystem. There is 0% use of paper in our entire chain, with specific focus on building a national agri repository of micro level stakeholder information and on image / data driven automated crop quality assessment.
1437. sbx-robotics : SBX Robotics generates synthetic data that teaches robots to see. We use simulation software to create training data 10x faster and cheaper than annotation services or in-house teams. Instead of being blocked on data, our clients send 25 images from their robot’s camera, and receive 25,000 perfectly labeled synthetic training images. SBX data is ready to be used by deep learning computer vision models.
1438. jeevam-health : Jeevam Health (YC S20) is a healthcare app for holistic thyroid treatment.. Even after taking medication, 60% of women are having unresolved symptoms like fatigue, weight issues, and pregnancy challenges. Jeevam software assists doctors to diagnose the root cause of dysfunctions & recommend treatment protocol. The treatment revolves around nutrition, supplements, lifestyle changes, and medicine.
1439. freterium : Freterium is a collaborative SaaS platform that connects organizations, people and technologies in the logistics value chain to help them move things. Our connected cloud platform provides real-time visibility of shipments, elastic logistics infrastructure (in-house & 3rd party fleets), proprietary routing algorithms, productivity tools, and seamless collaboration that breaks down traditional organizational silos.
1440. mystic : Mystic’s platform allows companies to easily and reliably deploy ML models on our serverless cloud or on their own infrastructure without requiring a team of MLOps engineers. With our Python SDK, data-scientists immediately get an endpoint from their own model, or any open-source models. Once uploaded, our platform handles routing, multi-cloud scaling, caching, GPU optimization and other features to provide the ultimate ML inference platform.
1441. osimple : OSIMple automates data entry for inspectors by replacing stacks of paper with tablets and by generating completed inspection forms. This saves inspectors almost half of their inspection time. Founder Amanda Chan and Michael Miller came across the idea while talking to friends and professors in the civil engineering department at their university. They started building better software for bridge inspectors who were using very manual processes, and it’s been used on over 400 bridges so far. They’ve recently expanded to service home inspectors as well. Robust, easy to use software and committed team of self-starters providing fast and reliable customer service. We are chalk full of Software Engineering expertise and ready to automate routine inspection tasks to let you focus on meaningful work.
1442. launchflow : Our AI Copilot helps teams save money and ship faster on AWS, GCP, and Azure. Visit infra.new to try free without signing up!
1443. sourcebeacon : SourceBeacon is an on-demand procurement concierge for sourcing products from China. We connect your product requests to our network of verified vendors and deliver quotes directly to you.
1444. avocado : Our mission is to support entrepreneurs in the food industry by offering a seamlessly integrated restaurant tech platform. We handle all forms of customer payments, both in person and online, including kiosk and invoicing. Additionally, we manage critical back-office tasks, including order management, payroll, bookkeeping, and sales tax remittance, so that restaurants and their teams can prioritize delivering exceptional dining experiences.
1445. release : Release delivers staging environments as a service. With Release a staging environment is automatically generated with every Pull Request which removes the bottleneck most companies have when they only have a single staging environment.
1446. livement : Livement (Boletomóvil in Latin America) transforms event ticketing with effortless and secure transactions. Our solution relies on controlling both the primary and secondary market, putting an end to ticket fraud and scalping. We empower event organizers with exclusive control over the secondary market, preventing ticket reselling on other web platforms. This prioritizes genuine fans and ensures fair revenue sharing among stakeholders.
1447. blee : Blee easily integrates across the content creation workflow, combining instant feedback and faster approvals with scalable review and recordkeeping. Helping companies maximize revenue by moving faster to market while minimizing risk
1448. font-awesome : Add a line of code and get thousands of icons and social logos on your website instantly. Easy to set up, easy to use, and crazy powerful. Let us take care of the icons so you can get back to the important stuff. Font Awesome. Go make something Awesome.
1449. elythea : Over 80% of maternal mortalities were preventable with earlier intervention. Currently, doctors miss >50% of moms who have life-threatening complications and wait until labor to start doing manual risk assessments, at which point it's too late. Elythea's proprietary ML models catch life-threatening obstetric complications (like postpartum hemorrhage, preeclampsia/eclampsia, emergency c-section, preterm labor, and more) as soon as the first visit. We automatically analyze relevant demographic and clinical risk factors, flag high-risk patients, and provide evidence-based interventions, giving doctors months in advance to intervene and prevent complications from ever happening. Our global clinical studies have shown that we can catch 3x more complications than clinical judgment 10x sooner.
1450. vinebox : VINEBOX is a premium wine-by-the-glass subscription service. Each month, our subscribers receive 3 single-serving portions of wine to taste, share, and enjoy. Only order more of the wine you know you love! This is not your standard vino. Each VINEBOX contains 3 tubes of exceptional wine curated by our team of specialists from around the world. We simplify wine. With our easy to follow tasting notes, you'll never be stumped by a wine list. Learn your favorite varietals and regions through tasting experience. We include only the info you want, nothing you don’t. Never forget a wine again. With access to your VINEBOX history, you see every wine you’ve ever tasted, with notes, ratings, & reviews! Something for everyone. Whether you’re a wine connoisseur or novice, VINEBOX will introduce you to new wines, new vineyards, and a new way to enjoy wine. VINEBOX also makes the perfect gift for birthdays, corporate gifting, celebrations, dinner parties, and random Tuesdays.
1451. milky-way-ai : We help CPG brands to understand how their products are being displayed, priced and what are their competitors are doing across millions of physical stores in real time with our computer vision powered mobile app. Each year these brands spend $500 bn annually buying prime retail shelf space to influence customer purchasing decisions, but they have no easy way to audit it. Our mobile app reduces the time of these audits by 10x and cost by 3x.
1452. mercoa : Mercoa allows Vertical SaaS companies to offer BillPay and Invoicing services to their customers in as little as 3 weeks. Mercoa provides embedded workflows & payments that can be consumed with our API, SDKs, and customizable React components. We want every Vertical SaaS company to be the "Bill.com" for their vertical.
1453. upsolve : Upsolve is a tech-driven nonprofit that helps low-income Americans overcome debt and rebuild credit at scale. Upsolve was founded in Harvard Law School’s Access to Justice Lab in 2016. Since then, Upsolve has become the nation’s most visited nonprofit financial education site. Upsolve.org educates approximately 2.9 million people a year with 2,000 articles on an array of debt and credit topics. To date, Upsolve’s free DIY bankruptcy filing tool has been used by over 14,000 families to relieve over $600,000,000 in debt. Upsolve users are disproportionately Black and Brown with an average household income of $25,000. Upsolve is now launching a suite of AI tools to help low-income Americans resolve their financial distress earlier.
1454. in-stock : In Stock makes it easy to shop from local stores and get it delivered that day.
1455. akudo : Akudo is a digital bank for teenagers in India that gets them their own sleek, personalized prepaid card that they can use independently, helps them save money and gives them exciting rewards under a gamified setup when they're good at their personal finance. We are crafting the concept of "Learning-first Banking" where financial learning is seamlessly intertwined with full scale banking.
1456. fetii : Fetii is a group rideshare app that lets both consumers and businesses order 15-passenger vans on-demand. Users pay using a QR check-in system that splits payments seamlessly amongst the group at time of boarding. No longer are groups forced to reserve a charter vehicle weeks in advance, pay a 5 hour minimum for a 15 minute trip, and have no payment flexibility OR split up the group and utilize multiple vehicles...Fetii takes the friction out of group transportation. Fetii has already transported over 800,000 passengers, removed over 140,000 unnecessary vehicles, and is operating in 7 cities.
1457. parabolic : Parabolic is an AI assistant that autodrafts ready-to-send responses for your customer support team. Equip your team with the best possible response at their fingertips.
1458. dialect-2 : Dialect uses AI trained on your company’s internal knowledge to automate response generation for forms, RFPs, and other complex business communications.
1459. worldql : 
1460. karate-labs : Karate is an open-source unified test automation platform combining API testing, API performance testing, API mocks & UI testing. 1.5 million monthly downloads, used by 500+ companies including 76 of the Fortune 500, are a testimony of Karate removing friction from the developer experience (DX). We did this by making it exceptionally simple to write tests (low code), simulating end-user workflows accurately, re-using API tests as performance tests, parallel execution, and collaboration via Git. Staying true to Karate’s “LOCAL-FIRST” approach (user data remains within the customer's firewall, ensuring security and addressing any concerns), we launched the official Karate plugins (IntelliJ and VS Code) for frictionless onboarding, simplified installations, configuration, and maintenance. Our plugins include all Karate open-source features, including exploring of APIs, and premium features (testing for Async APIs, API documentation, API data importer and more).
1461. quartzy : The world’s No. 1 lab management platform. We help scientists easily organize orders, manage inventory, and save money.
1462. virtualmin : Virtualmin is taking on the lack of innovation in the server admin programs, like Plesk, by making a more accessable version for pages managed by the non-technical crowd. The program will feature simple installs of popular programs like content management systems that often cost extra on other providers. It will also let you administer your website from your desktop and mobile device.
1463. pointhound : Pointhound makes it easy to earn and redeem your credit card points for free flights. We're driven by our mission to make the world more accessible through travel.
1464. trackingplan : Trackingplan automatically discovers and monitors all the information your applications and websites are collecting, ensuring that you can trust your BI, analytics, marketing, and sales tools. You can think of us as Segment Protocols but totally transparent, where developers can keep using Google Analytics, Amplitude, Hubspot, Intercom, Braze, etc. as they are used to. Installed in minutes in using your Tag Manager or adding just one line of code to your web or apps, we model all the data being sent to third parties. Since Trackingplan understands what each piece of data means, it identifies patterns, detects anomalies, and automatically connects the dots to create value from data that was hidden in plain sight: - An always up-to-date single source of truth and data governance tool. To discover, understand and document your data and improve communication across teams. - Automated notifications when something breaks or changes. To make sure that integrations are always well implemented: Schema errors, traffic anomalies, rogue events... - Easy to understand, customizable, cross-service alerts. To detect trends, insights, and problems without using complex, engineer-oriented solutions.
1465. gemnote : Gemnote creates custom merch, swag and gifts for the modern business. Our expert team helps you curate, source, warehouse, fulfill and ship your branded merchandise and company swag, so you don't have to lift a finger. Our clients love our full-service platform and they are some of the biggest companies in the world, including Airbnb, Google, Meta, Slack, Netflix and more.
1466. skysheet : Skysheet is a web-based spreadsheet, in stealth mode as of March 2009.
1467. pensil : 
1468. suretynow : Surety bonds are financial guarantees that businesses must purchase to comply with government regulations. For example, all contractors must have a surety bond to bid and work on federal construction projects. It is a $8b opportunity in the US. SuretyNow is building the surety bond platform for the 21st century. Businesses can apply for bonds and receive affordable quotes online in minutes. We offer the fastest and simplest online experience for getting surety bonds.
1469. neptyne : Neptyne is the first natively programmable spreadsheet, with a full Python environment, just like a Jupyter notebook. And we built in AI to make it easy to use, even if you’re not a Python expert. Neptyne turns anyone who can use Excel into a programmer. At Google, Douwe launched products to millions in Search, Mobile and workplace. He founded multiple startups, and published a book on deep learning. 4 years ago Douwe rejoined Google, where he met his cofounder Jack and the rest of the team. Neptyne launched on Hacker News in February 2023, and since then users have made thousands of spreadsheets. People have built everything from option trading systems to machine learning classifiers using Neptyne.
1470. simple-strips : 
1471. helpwear : HelpWear is striving to better at-home healthcare by developing affordable and accessible products for patients all around the world. HelpWear is currently developing its first product, the HeartWatch, allowing for 24/7 at home heart monitoring with an embedded emergency contact system for furthered prevention and bettered treatment of heart related illness.
1472. excepgen : 
1473. newsblur : NewsBlur is a personalized news reader that brings people together to talk about the world. A new sound of an old instrument.
1474. instant-labs : Instant Labs started in 2005 by building the fastest domain search engine on the internet: https://instantdomainsearch.com. People have performed over 2.5M searches and purchased 250K domains with our free tool. In 2023, we released Strobe, https://strobe.app, an AI-powered tool to help brands find creators to help them grow.
1475. prime-lightworks : Prime Lightworks Inc. manufactures electric propulsion systems for space satellites.Their goal is to engineer new possibilities in space while drastically reducing cost and waste.
1476. bankjoy : Bankjoy provides a full suite of modern digital banking software, including mobile banking, online banking, online account opening, loan applications, and conversational AI to banks and credit unions.
1477. mighty-health : 
1478. baserun : LLMs are incredibly powerful, but latency, cost, and unpredictable outputs have made productionizing LLM features challenging. Baserun is a testing and observability platform that helps AI teams streamline their development cycle from identifying an issue to evaluating their solution, so that teams ship faster with confidence.
1479. syntheticfi : SyntheticFi offers a low cost and low hassle solution for independent financial advisors (RIAs) to meet the liquidity needs of their clients.
1480. centaur-labs : 
1481. shape : Shape lets workers get access to data insights without having to write SQL.
1482. northwind : Northwind is a tele-dermatology start-up changing how chronic skin conditions Psoriasis and Atopic Eczema are treated. We connect 31 million American patients to specialists in under 12 hours, and provide a tailor-made treatment plan with our proprietary line of clinically tested vegan OTC and Rx products. Patients register and go through our digital questionnaire, uploading pictures of their affected skin. In under 12 hours the patient receives their own specialised dermatologist who then decides the correct treatment plan required - with monthly checkpoints where the plan is adjusted based on patient feedback and results. Today, thousands of users rely on, and love Northwinds proprietary Swedish formulas. The company is led by a patient suffering from 20 years of severe Psoriasis.
1483. lightmeter : Lightmeter is turn-key email outreach infrastructure for startups, combining network, platform, and expert advice. It integrates with sales tools like Apollo, replacing Google and Microsoft for email delivery. No change in tooling or workflow required. Lightmeter gets mail into inboxes, scalably and sustainably, while transparently reporting on performance. Plans from 50 to 7,500 outreach emails per day.
1484. rowboat-labs : RowBoat Labs offers pre-trained LLM agents for customer support, which continuously learn from usage. Our LLMs are safe and brand-aligned. RowBoat agents seamlessly integrate into your systems and take actions where necessary.
1485. guardian-ai : Guardian is an AI platform to help healthcare providers (hospitals, MSOs, physician groups) fight denials and address unpaid claims. Providers deploy Guardian to: 1. Detect emerging patterns in payer reimbursements 2. Automate the diagnosis and resolution of unpaid claims and denials
1486. magic-patterns : Magic Patterns helps software teams prototype their product ideas. Startups in the current batch and enterprises use us to create designs quickly and ship faster.
1487. finosu : Hi - Mark and Gab here! We met while working at Alt, a marketplace for collectibles, where we built a $200 million specialty finance business line. At Alt, we faced the complex challenges that come with servicing consumer loans. We spent countless hours and resources developing internal tools to manage loan payments, communicate with borrowers, and keep track of loan performance—all while ensuring a positive experience for our customers. However, after dealing with the headaches of manual data entry, fragmented systems, delayed payments, lack of personalized borrower engagement, and the stress of maintaining accurate records, we knew there had to be a better way to service consumer loans. So, we started Finosu to build the servicer we wish we had—an AI-powered consumer loan servicer designed to streamline and enhance every aspect of the loan servicing process. Our mission is to transform loan servicing into a seamless, efficient, and customer-centric experience. So, we started Finosu to build the tools that we wish we had. Finsou is building software to reduce the barriers to entry in lending, beginning with: outsourced state licensing, default compliant loan management systems, and automated servicing infrastructure. The operational cost of originating and servicing loans reaches into the tens of billions a year and that is money out of the pocket of lenders, borrowers, investors, and ultimately the consumers as a cost of doing business – we are changing that.
1488. shiboleth : Shiboleth automates consumer lending compliance for financial institutions using AI. Banks like Cross River Bank use us to save months of manual work by automating audits and drafting reports for the governments. LLMs allow whole categories of manual compliance processes to be automated in ways that weren’t possible until recently. We are excited to automate back-office operations and enhance consumer protection in one of the most litigious industries.
1489. tusk : Tusk is an AI agent that helps developers generate unit and integration tests with codebase context. Tusk runs on your PRs as a non-blocking check and suggests happy path and edge case tests that are not covered by existing tests. Engineering teams use Tusk to merge PRs 25% faster with increased feature coverage.
1490. acciojob : AccioJob is an ed-tech startup run by IIT Delhi Alumni that provides a comprehensive state-of-the-art learning platform for Full Stack Web Development and Data Analytics. Our industry-relevant curriculum is taught by top tech instructors and mentors, and our students have gone on to work at leading tech companies like Amazon, Salesforce, and Walmart, among others. With job placement opportunities at 300+ top tech partner companies, we have placed 1000+ students in 2022 itself at an average salary of 8.3 LPA
1491. reduced-energy-microsystems : Reduced Energy Microsystems is building the most power-efficient silicon for embedded computer vision to bring visual intelligence to a whole new range of devices. By combining proprietary asynchronous resilient technology with a custom neural network architecture, REM chips will handle state-of-the-art inference and traditional vision workloads in a tiny power envelope. REM makes augmented reality, body-worn cameras, and autonomous robots smarter than ever before.
1492. toku : Toku helps companies increase their monthly revenue collection rate so they can focus on the their main business. Payment method management, failed payment retries, payment reminders, failed payment notifications, among others.
1493. bluumbio : Our mission -To ensure current and future generations have access to clean soil, water & air. -To protect and restore earth's beautiful and diverse ecosystems. -To undo the harm of industrial activity on the planet and ensure future industrial activities are more sustainable. Our research -We develop new bio-based solutions that break down and remove toxic chemicals from the environment. We also develop bioreactor based solutions which remove toxins from industrial production pipelines, ensuring contaminants are never released into the environment. -To do this, we've partnered with Nature. Specifically, we have harnessed the power of one of Nature's smallest but most powerful technologies: enzymes. Enzymes are everywhere. They break down the food in your stomach, remove dirt from your clothes, and make our beer. At BluumBio, we look for enzymes found in bacteria, algae, plants and other living organisms that naturally degrade toxic chemicals. We then make these enzymes work better in the lab and come up with develop new applications for these technologies.
1494. posturehealth-inc : 
1495. pigeonly : Pigeonly is a subscription-based platform that makes it easy for people to search, find, and communicate with an incarcerated loved from anywhere in the world. Our technology cuts the cost of expensive prison calls by 80% and allows our customers to send their inmate printed photos, greeting cards, and more right from any cell phone, tablet, or computer. At the core of the Pigeonly business is our proprietary inmate API, Haystac, that searches and organizes millions of Federal, State, and County records in real-time to determine the location of 2MM+ inmates across all prison facilities. This makes it possible for our users to easily search, find, and connect with their incarcerated loved one using one or all of our 6 consumer-facing products. Pigoenly's target market usually has to settle for poor product design and is often the victim of predatory business practices. At Pigeonly, we focus on providing quality products at affordable prices; pair that with five-star customer service to achieve a superb customer experience never seen in the market. We understand just how important this is to our customer because we are our customer.
1496. penta-medical : At Penta Medical we are dedicated to providing an innovative solution to injury management. We work with the top athletic teams and doctors to help them reduce injury rates and improve healing times. While working with our team you will have access to up to date information on all of your athletes, preventative statistics benchmarked across the field, and customized treatments.
1497. bukuwarung : BukuWarung is SEA's fastest growing startup and we are building digital infrastructure for 60 million MSMEs in Indonesia. BukuWarung's vision is to empower 60 million MSMEs in Indonesia to become financially aware and enable them to manage and grow their business using our technology platform, starting with bookkeeping, online storefront and payments. BukuWarung has raised $80M from top tier VCs globally: Peter Thiel's Valar Ventures, Goodwater Capital, Y-Combinator, Rocketship.vc, AC Ventures, Quona Capital, East Ventures, Golden Gate Ventures, SoftBank Partners, DST Global Partners, and strategic angel investors from Stripe, PayPal, Plaid, Grab, Gojek, Facebook, AirBnB, Fast, Mastercard.
1498. constructvr : ConstructVR is the simplest way for businesses to manage, and deploy VR and AR apps at scale.
1499. airtrain-ai : Airtrain AI is a no-code data platform for Large Language Models. Proprietary AI models such as GPT-4 are very powerful but also very costly, slow, unreliable, and unsecured. As businesses look to scale their AI prototypes into production-grade products, they struggle with large AI bills, slow APIs and large failure rates. On the other hand, smaller language models have been proven to be able to perform on-part with large ones with fine-tuned on high-quality datasets. Airtrain AI lets AI practitioners explore alternatives to proprietary models, build up training datasets, evaluate, fine-tune, and serve a large selection of open-source LLMs.
1500. industrial-next : We bring Tesla autonomous manufacturing to every automaker and other producers. At Tesla, we were the core autonomous factory team and we’re now building the smart cameras and robotic guidance tools that provided the main advantages at Tesla
1501. looklive : Looklive allows you to browse the style of your favorite celebrities and influencers and shop their looks. Looklive is the next generation for online media and shopping. Our aim is to be nothing less than the world’s authority and source on the influencers shaping and directing global style and culture. Looklive Inc. participated in the Summer 2016 batch of Y Combinator.
1502. hush : Hush is a mobile-first makeup retailer.
1503. supernova : Supernova connects to popular design editors and interprets design systems into data. These data can then be transformed in powerful ways to create code for product development, for literally any coding stack or platform imaginable. These transformations can be fully automated so that when design changes occur, the code is automatically updated to reflect the changes. Developers can fully control how the code is rendered, literally down to the individual code characters. An ecosystem of Supernova-developed and community-maintained code export packages is available for popular stacks and platforms via the Supernova Store, or teams can choose to create their own — for instance, to support proprietary frameworks or to customize code output to meet any company guidelines.
1504. atomized : Atomized helps developers launch applications in the cloud faster by deploying and managing the necessary infrastructure for you. Simply connect up your Github repo and your AWS account, and we'll handle the rest! The best part is that all the infrastructure runs in your AWS account, and you have full ownership and visibility into it. No more black boxes that you can't troubleshoot and manage. We want to empower engineers to build, deploy, secure, and monitor infrastructure faster than ever. Our long-term vision is to be the go-to platform to get started and to be able to manage all things cloud - no matter which cloud provider you choose.
1505. one-degree : One Degree is a technology driven nonprofit organization that helps individuals and families access the resources they need to improve their lives and achieve social and economic mobility. One Degree's mission is to empower people to create a path out of poverty for themselves and for their communities. Our core product is a web and mobile platform makes it easy for low-income families to find, manage, and review nonprofit and government services. Our platform has become the go-to tool for help-seekers – and the people who support them, such as case managers and social workers – throughout the San Francisco Bay Area and Los Angeles County in California, and in Gainesville, Florida. We currently operate three major products: the One Degree website and Android and iOS apps. Thousands of people in the Bay Area and Los Angeles rely on One Degree’s website and apps to access health care, food banks, employment services, and much more. We also support communities around the country to start their own One Degree chapters.
1506. entocycle : The Insect Farming Company. We’re developing the world’s most efficient and sustainable way to produce protein. Insects are rich in protein and are a natural component of the diets of many fish and free-range poultry. Our technology is significantly more efficient at producing protein than traditional methods of production as our insects are vertically farmed and not restricted to floor space or area. Thanks to our automated system we can produce at industrial scale and offer farmers a cost-effective and sustainable alternative to soymeal and fishmeal.
1507. modular-science : 
1508. elementary : Elementary enables data teams to detect problems in their data before their users do. An open-source solution that any data engineer can deploy in minutes without sharing sensitive data.
1509. heimdal : Heimdal builds machines that permanently capture and store atmospheric CO2. Congress has passed legislation (IRA) guaranteeing a tax credit for each tonne removed via Direct Air Capture until 2044. We are building technology that profitably captures CO2 with this tax credit, right here in the United States.
1510. optilly-installmonetizer : Optimization of FB ads based on users attributes
1511. airgoods : We connect specialty food stores with their next best selling products. Airgoods is a wholesale marketplace that makes it easy for specialty food & beverage stores to buy their inventory in one place. Thousands of small businesses order wholesale on Airgoods from top brands like Fishwife, Athletic Brewing, Ghia, and Truff.
1512. clip-health : At Clip Health, we are relentlessly executing on the vision to enable accessible, personalized, and actionable health testing, with immediate follow-up, across infectious, metabolic, endocrine, and chronic diseases and conditions. The Clip Platform brings our proprietary glow-in-the-dark nanochemistry in combination with connected easy-to-use hardware and delightful-to-use mobile apps to at-home, point-of-care, and enterprise settings.
1513. exosonic-inc : Exosonic is an early-stage aerospace start-up based in Los Angeles, CA developing supersonic adversary air UAVs to support the adversary air training mission for both commercial and government customers. The goal is to mature these supersonic UAVs to become loyal wingmen (or collaborative combat aircraft) and eventually develop quiet supersonic airliners from the lessons learned and profits generated by the supersonic UAV product line. Founded in 2019, Exosonic has raised $4.5M+ in private capital and $2M+ in AFWERX funding. The team has 15 FTEs and is developing a subscale flight test vehicle to demonstrate autonomy and potentially crewed-uncrewed teaming with a first flight timeframe of Q2 2023.
1514. krab : A lending platform that enables truckers/trucking companies with no formal credit score to access loans from banks. Our platform creates a rich credit profile of a trucking company by pulling 200+ data points from varied sources via consent APIs and instantly offers loans from multiple banking partners in less than 60 seconds. The trucking company can also use the same product for order management, invoice generation, vendor payments, and collections.
1515. thrive-agric : We have created a market place that enables the sales of agro-commodities locally and internationally while providing rural farmers with all the resources they will need to grow crops like loans to but inputs and the needed extension services for better insights.
1516. supercraft : SuperCraft lets anyone create professional designs with natural language Join thousands of designers using SuperCraft to craft compelling visual narratives via on-brand creatives, packaging, product design, architectural design, gaming and more
1517. sonar : 
1518. narrative : We're building AI powered data tooling for logistics and beyond!
1519. groww : Groww aims to empower people in India by making financial services simple, transparent and delightful. By leveraging technology, we build reliable and accessible financial services. Groww is India's largest stock broker (in terms of active NSE clients) and the largest distributor of mutual fund SIPs.
1520. whiz : Whiz revolutionizes the way you manage finances, providing innovative solutions for a wealthier future—where your money earns more, fully insured by Indonesia Deposit Insurance Corporation (IDIC). Join us on this journey toward financial empowerment.
1521. asayer : Open-source alternative to FullStory and LogRocket. Self-hosted for a complete control over your data and costs.
1522. popl : Popl is the leading digital business card platform for teams and individuals. Professionals use our software platforms and smart devices to make instant digital connections with potential clients.
1523. mercator : Mercator is your AI-assisted data analytics platform for writing faster, cheaper, and smarter SQL. Co-founders Andrew and Dayton met on the Instacart data science team. Dayton earned a physics PhD at UC Berkeley before entering DS. Andrew spent six years as a SWE at Uber, where he developed pydeck, a geospatial data visualization library with over 12M downloads. Mercator is backed by Y Combinator, Tribe Capital, Soma Capital, Valor Equity Partners, Amplify Partners, and Rebel Fund.
1524. casca : Casca is building AGI for banking. We are replacing 30+ year-old legacy technology with AI-native systems of record that automate 90% of the manual work humans used to have to do. Our first product is an AI-native Loan Origination System - with a built-in AI Agent, called Sarah. Sarah communicates with small business loan applicants via email or sms, guides them through the application process and prepares the loan file for a human underwriter. Why? Small businesses are the heart of the American economy and a lot of banks shy away from providing funding because of the manual effort in pursuing those deals. With us, that changes and unlocks affordable, quick bank funding for the 30M+ small businesses in the US as opposed to the high interest rates from online lenders.
1525. flow : Flow is building products to improve your browsing experience. The web browser is an indispensable part of our daily lives - we use it for work, shopping, entertainment, research, sharing memes, procrastinating, connecting with friends and family. Yet it remains tough to be organized and intentful when using it. We’re building products to dramatically improve your browsing experience, and Flow is our foray into intentful browsing.
1526. cheers : Cheers is the first Frontline Experience Management platform that transforms every in-person service moment into a genuine human connection. By unifying onsite payments, digital tips, real-time reviews, and new-customer referrals in one frictionless flow, Cheers helps companies 10x their online 5‑star ratings, reduce churn, and drive more revenue. Already, 8,500+ frontline employees use Cheers daily to feel valued, delight customers, and give businesses the insights to keep raising the bar.
1527. bifrost : We write smart contracts that can automatically transfer assets during end-of-life events. When you hold your own keys to your own wallet, your funds are lost in worst-case-scenarios. We make an on-chain dead-mans-switch to help your loved ones claim your holdings.
1528. bentocart : Last-mile delivery for perishables.
1529. fynn : Fynn helps people afford trade school in the US. We bring fair and affordable private loans to the trade space, to help students pursue in-demand careers like electricians, nurses, welders, or pharmacists.
1530. blair : Raised a +100M Debt fund to finance thousands of students in the US. Raised 7.5M in Equity from top-tier VCs and multiple Unicorn Founders. Sold all assets in 2022 after regulatory changes in our space. Lots of learnings and many lives we changed for the better :)
1531. hideout : 
1532. transcriptic : Founded in 2012, Transcriptic has developed the first robotic cloud lab platform for on-demand life science research. It’s powered by the Transcriptic Common Lab Environment (TCLE) a scalable, digital infrastructure that integrates laboratory processes, instruments and IoT technologies into a single user interface. Researchers can carry out scalable, reproducible and rapid experimentation from anywhere in the world. Top ten pharmaceutical companies, as well as emerging biotech companies, are using the platform to gain more reproducibility and flexibility in the design and control of their experiments. By leveraging cloud-based technologies, users can access the power of a fully automated laboratory – whether in their own labs through an on-premise deployment of TCLE or through Transcriptic’s Bioassays services – all through a simple web-based interface. Transcriptic is transforming drug discovery and synthetic biology research by helping scientists focus on accelerating discoveries instead of labor-intensive bench work.
1533. overflux : Overflux automates the EV charger purchase, installation, and government incentive application processes for commercial real estate properties.
1534. ayc-fund : AYC Fund is an online crypto fund supporting YC founders in expanding their crypto projects to Asia.
1535. sitenna : Modern infrastructure (incl. 5G wireless and EV charging) has a problem. Whilst analysts are claiming exponential growth in deployments in the coming years, the truth is that the process of site acquisition and management is currently manual, archaic and painful. Sitenna has developed software to digitise the process reducing site acquisition from currently 24 months to a matter of weeks. We work with Real Estate, Local Government, Infrastructure Providers and Operators. Sitenna launched in the UK in late 2021 and was selected as the leading software vendor to a UK government sponsored infrastructure project, with over 1m assets on the platform and all major telecom players active, including BT, EE and BAI. The team is led by a group of industry veterans with C-Suite level access to telecom companies worldwide. Daniel has worked in the telecoms industry for over 12 years and he has supported $100bn in transactions in over 30 countries. Brian has over 12 years’ experience as a technical consultant including BAE Systems Applied Intelligence, Norkom and Ericsson. Both are multiple time founders, execs and non-execs in start-ups including exits.
1536. homeflow : Homeflow is the first digital platform that gives larger real estate investors a single place to purchase and manage insurance for their portfolio. Rather than having policies spread out between multiple brokers, real estate managers can use Homeflow to view their policies, change coverages, and get quotes for upcoming acquisitions.
1537. amby-health : Amby Health builds AI-powered software to streamline EMS workflows, reducing administrative burden and optimizing resource allocation. By automating data ingestion and decision support, we help emergency medical teams focus on saving lives instead of paperwork.
1538. careertu : CareerTu is an online school for today’s most in-demand digital skills, starting with digital marketing, data analytics, and product design. We teach our students real-world business problems via capstone projects to make sure they are equipped with the must-have technical skills. 250+ top companies hired CareerTu students in 14 countries - including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, Spotify, Pinterest, LVMH, TikTok, Expedia, Alibaba, Tencent, Meituan etc. CareerTu's mission is to teach students the industry’s most relevant and in-demand skills, making them the ideal hire at their dream companies, in return providing businesses with experienced and reliable talents to increase their efficiency. 华语数字化技能学习平台。通过系统学习高薪数字化技能, 迅速培养新兴行业紧缺的人，为全球14个国家的科技和新零售企业, 不断输送优秀人才。
1539. parrot-software : Parrot is the operating system for restaurants in LatAm. We convert operational chaos into control by bringing together our Payment terminal, Delivery Apps, and Invoicing into a unified POS system. All of it backed by a fully featured Restaurant Management System on the cloud.
1540. stock-unlock : Stock Unlock is an investment education and analysis platform, built by retail investors, for retail investors. We make it easy for noobies to start their investment journey, and save time for the pros. We are building THE place for investors to learn, grow, and invest confidently.
1541. cartcam : Cartcam is a shopping platform that gives people discounts for creating short video reviews. The company hopes to take advantage of the trend of consumers who are 85% more likely to purchase an item after watching a video. Cartcam incentivizes mobile creators to review items by offering them discounts on the items they want to buy. Already 12 percent of users place an order through the platform, and they are all creating content for Cartcam. The company makes money by partnering with brands who pay for the discounts in exchange for content that will sell more goods for them.
1542. bitsample : 
1543. mogara : Mogara automates software R&D capitalization. We replace accounting leaders chasing down engineers for timesheets with software that plugs directly into the developer workflow.
1544. tarjimly : Tarjimly is a YC-backed nonprofit (YC W18) that allows anyone to volunteer their language skills to help refugees and immigrants in need. We connect the world's bilingual speakers with the 23 million refugees struggling to communicate with doctors, lawyers, and NGOs using chat, phone, and video calling. We're building a new way for the world to help refugees by bridging language gaps.
1545. four-growers : Four Growers was founded to provide healthy, affordable, local produce by reducing the production costs of greenhouse growers through robotics technology. We are positioning ourselves to be the automated solutions provider for greenhouse crop management. We are working closely with various greenhouse growers to develop a tomato harvesting robot. Our technology relies on two layers of protection, patents filed protecting the physical design of the robot and a proprietary algorithm that controls the robot's decision making. Our solution is not only capable of harvesting the tomatoes, but also of performing a quality check and packaging.
1546. atla : Atla helps developers find AI mistakes at scale, so they can build more reliable GenAI applications. Generative AI can only reach its full potential when it consistently produces safe and useful outputs. We train models to catch mistakes, monitor AI performance, and understand critical failure modes.
1547. mattermark : At Mattermark, we’re accelerating sales and deal making through data and automation. Mattermark collects and organizes comprehensive information on the world’s fastest growing companies. In minutes, get actionable data that lets you pinpoint the companies and people you need to know or do business with. Today, over 500 companies use Mattermark to discover high quality leads, prioritize prospects and increase conversion rates.
1548. ligo-biosciences : We are building the next generation of deep-learning models for enzyme design to slash the cost of chemical manufacturing. The $6 trillion chemical industry is flawed: It produces 20% of industrial greenhouse gases, and is responsible for 15% of global energy usage. Enzymes offer a far more sustainable alternative to chemical synthesis and have already revolutionised how a select few chemicals are produced. The problem is each enzyme takes years of trial and error to develop. Our enzyme models learn the principles of catalysis, allowing us to design enzymes for each reaction, in days not years. We currently have $4.3M of LOIs and have completed our first $20k contract.
1549. per-vices : Per Vices builds the highest performing Software Defined Radios for mission critical applications for industries that can't live without them. Our products are modular, easy to use, provide the best possible performance, and replace a number complex sub-systems and components. Customers developing wireless applications use our products because they dramatically lower integration and development complexity, total cost of ownership, and time to market. Our proprietary, industry leading, technology provides the best performance and maintains an efficient abstraction layer that allows customers to easily incorporate our product into their application.
1550. cloud-humans : cloud humans introduces claudIA, every startup's CX super agent. ClaudIA is a GPT based bot who can answer any customer support tickets with zero tech effort and already integrated with your current flows and systems. With ClaudIA, you can automate 55-90% of your customer's enquiries while maintaining the same service level you are proud of. Gain efficiency, scalability and quality today. Try it free (demo): https://www.cloudhumans.com/us/claudia-demo Reach out if you have any questions: bruno@cloudhumans.com
1551. makeasite : Makeasite is a website you can use to create websites with just prompts. When you're done, you can easily share it with one click.
1552. guruhotel : GuruHotel is Shopify for the hotel industry. Independent hotels use our software to rebuild their hotel website, drive more direct bookings from online travel agencies (OTAs), and generate 30% more revenue. We have decades of experience building products and leading companies in the hotel industry, including founding and selling LastRoom, the HotelTonight for LATAM. That’s where we learned that 73% of people who find a hotel room on Booking.com or Expedia also check the hotel website to see if the price is cheaper. Independent hotels are missing these opportunities because they haven’t figured out that they should offer extras, discounts, and better user experience in order to drive bookings on their websites to avoid paying 15-25% commissions to OTAs. We help them automate all of this. Why now - Shopify did this for e-commerce allowing them to pull their content from Amazon - we will do this for hotels allowing them to gain freedom from Booking and Expedia.
1553. sidenote : Sidenote is a Chrome extension that turns meeting notes into drafted emails, calendar invites, tickets, and reminders.
1554. equator-therapeutics : We are developing a drug to increase metabolism and burn calories without exercise. Obesity and type 2 diabetes have reached epidemic proportions. There are 2.2B overweight people and 500M people with type 2 diabetes worldwide, and these numbers increase drastically every year. Existing drugs are not effective enough to reverse the trend. Our drug can solve this problem, because it addresses the root cause of metabolic disorders – the imbalance between caloric intake and expenditure. Our drug will target mitochondria – the powerhouse of the cell – to generate heat. This approach has been proven to fully reverse obesity and type 2 diabetes in animals. However, therapeutic application for humans was impossible, because mitochondrial heat production could only be induced by highly artificial methods with side effects. This changed after our recent breakthrough discovery of the protein that mitochondria naturally use to generate heat. We have developed a unique high-throughput drug discovery platform to identify compounds that selectively activate this target protein, without side effects. For decades people have wanted a drug that burns calories like exercise does. We are realizing this dream at Equator Therapeutics.
1555. avina : Avina is an AI sales companion that alerts sales reps in real-time which accounts they should take action on, provides comprehensive briefs for every account before calls and wherever they work, and helps sellers draft the perfect communication - ensuring you don’t miss out on golden opportunities. Avina is the only assistant with the full context of every account - it combines your marketing and sales touchpoints (including a new way to track exactly what a prospect has read on your site), call recordings, internal documentation, and external buying signals from across the web. Sellers no longer have to cobble together information buried in dozens of places.
1556. swift-2 : Swift is building instant international payments to replace the archaic correspondent banking infrastructure. Our first product is an all-in-one embedded finance platform for online merchants.
1557. yenmo : Yenmo offers a better way to access cash for India’s 65 million investors who either resort to personal loans at over 18% interest or have to liquidate their investments when in need of money. With Yenmo, they can pledge their investments digitally and instantly get a loan at a fixed 10.5% interest rate. Our Insight - In India, over 30% of personal loan borrowers have active investments and are paying double the interest rate they qualify for with us.
1558. kickup : KickUp partners with K-12 organizations to coordinate professional learning efforts, improve decision-making and ensure that great ideas translate into demonstrable outcomes in the classroom. “The great thing about KickUp is they brought credibility to the professional development work we are doing. It’s challenging to be a ‘prophet in our own land’, but having KickUp’s professional reports presented in clear and compelling ways instantly became a communication tool between our entire curriculum department, the district cabinet, and the school board. I was able to use the resources KickUp created for a board report and now the district is interested in seeing how all of the other departments can benefit from their services. We are in need of someone who can take that step back and see the big picture of what we are trying to accomplish with professional development, effective student learning, and assessment and tie it all together for us in ways that make sense. KickUp has become the connector between departments, helping to lead us all in our common goal, to improve learning for our students.
1559. mighty-buildings : Mighty Buildings is an innovative construction technology company based in Oakland, CA creating beautiful, sustainable, and high-quality homes using 3d-printing, robotics, and automation. Their mission is to have a positive impact on the environment, local communities, and the housing crisis through their sustainable approach. Mighty Buildings' technology has the potential to unlock the needed productivity for large scale construction alongside the opportunity for reduced emissions, leading to a more sustainable product and future. Mighty Buildings was founded by a team of physicists and robotics engineers with extensive experience solving hard R&D problems and building successful engineering firms. They started by inventing a new material that is a 3D printing tech that enabled printing of an entire building, not just walls, in a single cycle. Unlike concrete, Mighty Buildings’ material is lighter, can be uniquely treated (trimmed and cut) by robotic arms, and features high thermal insulation properties. This allows them to produce prefab housing with up to 80% of operations automated. Mighty Buildings has a near-zero waste production process, preventing 1,100 - 2,000 kg of CO2 emission per 3D-printed home. They are committed to achieving Net-Zero by 2028 - making the company 22 years ahead of the construction industry. The company is certified under California's Factory Built Housing program to build units using 3D-printing, but they are also the first company to achieve certification under the UL 3401 standard for evaluating building structures and assemblies.
1560. bby : BBy's condensing device turns milk into a fine powder that spares the biome leaving it biologically and immunologically active. This allows hospitals to stop wasting precious nursing time defrosting milk for hours and milk wastage from discarding rules. Simply weigh the powder, add water, shake and serve. No more freezing, no more defrosting, only patient care. NICUs are time sensitive wards in the hospital, time is everything and yet nurses today continue to prepare frozen milk for infants in what's known as the milk shift. A shift where the nurse spends the day defrosting milk for the next shift of nurses. Our tech is now fully peer reviewed and published, yielding safe and reliable results in over 20 hospitals in the New York Tri-State. The company is headed by Vansh Langer MD, a physician (Windsor University, University of Chicago) and Blanca Aguilar Uscanga PhD, a Bioengineering/Food Science PhD (University of Guadalajara /Centro Universitario de Ciencias Exactas e Ingenierías (CUCEI)) team that has over 50 published works in the field between them and are experts in the science of infant nutrition. Vansh saw the immense need for a time critical solution in the NICU and helped solve the puzzle with Dra. Blanca and her team and decided to work together to: Nurture the Future.
1561. archbee : We help your team build documentation portals. We provide the CMS, publishing and hosting infrastructure. All that's left for you is to focus on the content. Then your users actually get questions answered by LLM tech.
1562. lendsnap : The Digital Mortgage Company Lenders will write $1.5T of home mortgages in 2017, and will have to evaluate every single borrower's ability to repay. This is expected to cost the industry $15B in human labor. We talked to these humans, and learned that they spend 1/3 of their time just asking other humans for documents and data that are almost universally available online. While the market is slowly moving to transactional data, Lendsnap is the only company helping lenders get ahead of the competition by delivering original electronic documents and data sets. That means portfolios of our lender customers stay completely liquid in the secondary market. No one else can offer that today. Lendsnap instantly gathers the original borrower documents and data for lenders by linking to consumer financial accounts. We increase loan origination team productivity by 25%+ and save applicants several hours on each application as well. Our intuitive and easy-to-use workflow makes it easy and safe for borrowers to turn in and for loan officers to receive the necessary documents for lenders to make a credit decision. As the only company delivering the right documents and data to originate non-agency loans such as VA, FHA, and subprime, we are able to work with all types of lenders. Furthermore, we are uniquely suited to serve mortgage brokers (12% market share) who have to remain flexible to the credit needs of their diverse borrowers. We are the only post-launch company that delivers actual electronic statements straight from source institutions, such as Bank of America, TurboTax, Chase, and hundreds more.
1563. propreturns : PropReturns is an online platform to buy, sell and rent commercial real estate in India. The real estate market in India is highly fragmented and plagued by lack of transparency. We empower businesses and individuals in India to transact commercial real estate backed by data.
1564. robby-technologies : Robby Technologies is building self-driving robots for last-mile delivery of food, groceries and packages. It was founded by two MIT PhDs in computer vision and robotics, selected into Y Combinator program in summer 2016, and featured by TechCrunch as one of the top startups. With the mission to make delivery affordable and convenient for everyone, Robby Technologies has partnered with major US delivery companies for pilot deliveries in the Bay Area since 2016.
1565. precip : Precip uses AI to make hyperlocal weather observations. We’re started with the most important dimension of weather: rain. For example, one of our customers uses Precip daily to make sure their heavy trucks won’t get stuck in muddy fields. Our highly rated mobile app is the best way to see rain and snow totals anywhere.
1566. haven : Haven is re-imagining the $11 trillion U.S. mortgage industry, with a focus on engaging the 53 million homeowners with a mortgage. The incumbent technologies used by mortgage lenders and servicers are decades old, and the borrowers who are served by them increasingly demand modern digital experiences and frictionless financial products throughout the home journey. Haven’s mission is to deliver them at a transformational scale, and to improve lives in one of the world’s largest asset classes. The company is well capitalized and backed by top fintech and mortgage venture funds and led by seasoned veterans of tech startups and financial marketplaces.
1567. swish : Kickstarter for physical products. Shop exclusive product launches.
1568. fella-health : Fella Health is the telehealth clinic for men with obesity. With Fella, patients meet a board-certified obesity doctor to prescribe FDA-approved medications, while they undertake personalized health coaching through our app.
1569. abatable : Abatable is a carbon offsetting procurement platform which connects companies with carbon project developers of high quality carbon offsets. Abatable facilitates procurement decisions by offering third party quality assessments of projects and by standardizing multi-year purchase agreements and an automated RFP platform. The team has extensive experience advising institutional investors on nature-based carbon removal and impact investment portfolios and is backed by leading investors like YCombinator, BlueBear Capital and Global Founders Capital.
1570. stipop : Stipop is a monetization platform for character creators, or simply put, Patreon for character creators. We help independent character IP owners generate revenue directly from their audience with fun, dynamic features. Previously, Stipop was a sticker platform with 5,000 sticker creators, and 250K stickers and provided stickers to Canva, Teams, Google, and Adobe. We also provide sticker API and SDK to help chat apps improve revenue and user engagement. Stipop has been invested by Snap (through Yellow Accelerator), YC, Translink Investment, Strong Ventures, Next Ventures, and more.
1571. pluralith : Pluralith automates compliance by documenting cloud infrastructure directly from the codebase. Companies like Jefferson Health pay us to automate their infrastructure compliance and save 5h a week per infrastructure engineer. More simply put: We generate infrastructure diagrams directly from Terraform state.
1572. bitrise : Bitrise helps you automate your daily app development tasks from building through testing to deployment. With Bitrise you can configure these tasks with a unique, visual workflow editor, with dozens of service integrations ready to roll. We call these steps, and they are all open source! If the step you need is not in our collection you can create your own and share it with others. Project Managers can get a clear picture of the development and testing of apps, testers get regular notifications about available, testable builds, and clients are able to collaborate with the rest of the team. Bitrise is free to get started and takes just 50 seconds to setup your first project.
1573. digitwhiz : DigitWhiz is all about making sure that kids master foundational math skills in a fun and effective way. Our online program evaluates current abilities, prescribes games and guides kids to master basic and pre-algebra skills. It’s easy for teachers to setup their class, get started right away and track student progress. Parents use DigitWhiz too! Check out our iPad version here. DigitWhiz is teacher created and kid approved!
1574. let-s-do-this : Marketplace for experiences starting with mass participation sports events
1575. plandex : EnvKey is a developer-friendly, cross-platform, end-to-end encrypted configuration and secrets manager. It can be used to store API keys, database credentials, and other application config securely. EnvKey makes it easy to grant least-privilege access to the developers and servers that need it from a user-friendly UI. Integration takes minutes. Using EnvKey ensures that no 3rd party, including EnvKey itself, ever has access to your secrets. It takes a part of your system that used to be error-prone and insecure and makes it just work.
1576. protobase : Protobase is a 10x, next-generation spreadsheet. It lets you use things like sheets, grids, and formulas, with better structures like tables, queries, filters, search, sorting, and more.
1577. college-pulse : College Pulse is the leading research and analytics company focused on college students. We have built the largest database of college student opinion with over 700K student panelists from 1500 universities in all 50 states, and we use our student panel to help our clients better understand the college demographic. Our ambition is to become a unique part of the global internet infrastructure - like Google for search, Facebook for social, Amazon for retail, we want it to be Pulse for public opinion.
1578. credpal : 
1579. kips-health : Kips Health enables physical therapists to automatically collect RTM reimbursements with only 5 minutes of work.
1580. and-comfort : 
1581. framebase : Framebase is programmatic video. Writing applications which use video in a meaningful way is extremely difficult. And then there's the maintenance. Framebase makes video a first-class object. Instead of hiring a team to deal with transcoding configurations, device compatibility bugs, or CDN contracts, Framebase lets you add two lines of code to start treating videos as class instances. Framebase is a pivot of TapIn.tv, which is a Y Combinator S 2012 company.
1582. mystro : Mystro is an automation app that makes on-demand drivers up to 30% more money. Mystro allows drivers to safely and easily run Uber, Lyft and other platforms simultaneously and auto accepts only the trips they want.
1583. terapify : Terapify offers high-quality on-demand mental healthcare for individuals and businesses. Currently, people in more than 45 countries take therapy with us on a recurring basis every month.
1584. sixty : Sixty is the fastest way to get on demand web app help. Hire an expert by-the-minute to jump on a screenshare for help with your web design, development, software implementations, and more. Starting at $1/min.
1585. slik : Slik automates lead generation and prospecting for sales teams.
1586. bhrd : 
1587. exceptionally : 
1588. stark-bank : Take your business to the next level
1589. xkit : Xkit helps B2B SaaS app developers to deliver deep integrations to all of their customers' CRMs with a single build. From allowing your users to interact with your app from inside the CRM to interacting with existing data including custom fields, objects, and workflows, Xkit gives you a standard API that works for every customer's setup, no matter how customized.
1590. mylk-guys : We are a national vegan specialty store. Starting with food, we are expanding to other categories like beauty, healthcare, home goods etc. We use data to predict which products will succeed (and launch them exclusively)
1591. tranch : Tranch is the invoice to payments platform for enterprises who want to optimize cash flow by offering their business clients an unparalleled payment experience. Based out of New York City and London we enable Services firms, software and marketplaces to be paid faster via our automated invoice to payment solutions. Our frictionless payment methods include Pay Now via FedNow, Pay by Card, Pay by Crypto and Pay Later from 2 to 12 months up to $1M. Find out more about how we simplify and accelerate accounts receivables for enterprises with the most innovative workflows and payment solutions at www.tranch.com. Tranch is backed by leading investors including: Global Founders Capital, TracVC, UpHonest Capital, Soma Capital, FoundersX and Y Combinator.
1592. solidroad : Solidroad provides quality scoring, personalised coaching, and feedback for your customer conversations in both training and live environments. Customer-facing reps can practice realistic conversations (phone, email, live chat & video call) with AI customers and receive personalised coaching and feedback in a risk-free environment. Solidroad also integrates with your live channels to score conversations and find skill gaps for continuous improvement. We are working with large sales and support orgs to reduce time to proficiency during onboarding, provide massive efficiency gains for enablement and operations teams and improve go-live CSAT scores. Solidroad reviews and evaluates 100% of your mock and live customer conversations meaning no more need for you to run manual role-play sessions or manually review calls/chats all day.
1593. sanitation-and-health-rights-in-india-shri : Sanitation and Health Rights in India (SHRI) fights alongside communities to end open defecation as a key step in an ongoing struggle for health equity and social and economic justice. The company has built a toilet that converts poop into methane gas that powers a water filtration system that creates clean drinking water. SHRI then sells the water in the local community to make the whole system sustainable. Source: TechCrunch
1594. ember-robotics : Ember delivers real-time, edge-first diagnostics to keep robots reliable from prototype to scale. Built by ex-Tesla Autopilot engineers, we help robotics teams catch failures early, prevent costly downtime, and iterate with confidence.
1595. krave-mart : Krave Mart is the Rappi for Pakistan. We’re an online grocery store that delivers within minutes.
1596. echo : Echo helps B2B founders know exactly what to say during a sales call to win the business, including how to respond to any objections that come up. We do this by generating a personalized sales playbook based on best practices and providing an intuitive interface for following its guidelines in real time.
1597. weave-robotics : Making the world’s first personal robot that's built for the home. Our robot, Isaac, will autonomously tidy up endless messes, fold laundry, and care for your home while you’re away, and we’re shipping our first 30 in fall of 2025.
1598. arist : Arist is the text message learning platform. We help Fortune 500 companies and governments rapidly teach and train employees, entirely via text message.
1599. seabound : Seabound builds carbon capture equipment for ships. We're the only way for existing ships to reduce up to 95% of CO2 emissions and meet new global regulations.
1600. path : Path gives you a money manager who: - gets you money for college - builds your credit with a debit card - gives you a savings account that pays you 5% interest - helps you make more money and makes sure you don’t f**k up your financial future in your 20’s all for $20/mo
1601. testrigor : testRigor is an executable specifications engine to help companies to empower their manual QA to be able to build automation 15X than QA engineers and spend 200X less time maintaining the code.
1602. eduvant : Eduvant provides a disruptively inexpensive and powerful way for school systems to create value and innovate with data they’re already collecting. We bring school data into the 21st century with an integrated, open development platform and an initial suite of tools that empower decision-makers with real-time analytics. Additionally, our platform’s open API enables outside developers to build integrated data solutions for schools.
1603. adventris-pharmaceuticals : Adventris makes cancer vaccines. Our platform solves the problem of targeting poorly immunogenic oncogenes. Our first "off-the-shelf" vaccine targets KRAS, the most common cancer oncogene. In the long run, we envision a world where every adult receives our pan-cancer vaccines annually – preventing the majority of cancer deaths. If you are interested in learning more about our approach to treat and prevent cancer, please reach out to us at contact@adventris.com
1604. viva-labs : Viva Labs makes winning video ad creatives with AI. We help brands and marketing agencies brainstorm ideas for ad creatives, generate the creatives, and optimize them based on performance data.
1605. fitnessai : 
1606. elevate-2 : We use AI to streamline data integrations for mergers & acquisitions (M&A), with a focus on private equity (PE)-backed roll-ups. We take messy data (e.g., customer, financial, operational) that sits across disparate systems in different formats and use LLMs to unify, clean, and enrich it. Our approach expedites speed to value capture post-acquisition without distracting management teams or requiring expensive data engineering resources. Our experience is at the intersection of finance x tech. With an increasingly competitive M&A marketplace driven by $0.5T+ of dry powder, clean, usable data is a massive competitive advantage throughout the investment cycle – in diligence, to make informed investment decisions; in value creation, to execute the strategic plan quickly and confidently; and in exit, where better data leads to better outcomes. We’re on a mission to make AI useful for any company with messy data.
1607. recurse-center : The Recurse Center is a self-directed, educational retreat for people who want to get better at programming, whether they've been programming for three decades or three months. The retreat is free for all participants because we run an integrated recruiting agency and provide (optional) personalized recruiting services to anyone in our community considering a new job.
1608. carbon-crusher : We are crushing roads in need of maintenance, reusing the old road materials, replacing heavy oil with carbon binding lignin. This is both a cheaper, more durable and net carbon negative method, removing ~1.5 tonnes CO2 from the atmosphere from every 100 feet of road. We offer Crushing As A Service (CRAAS) to public and private road owners and refurbishers, and are already gaining international traction. Using satellite imagery, we will monitor road status and potential, and will offer additional tech and bio enhancements to make all roads green and a solution to the climate crisis. We are building the road to a carbon negative future.
1609. brainboard : Brainboard is a collaborative and end-to-end solution for engineers to visually design & manage their Cloud infrastructures. We allow companies to lower the learning curve while moving to IaC, build a self serve model, have a service catalog to not reinvent the wheel. Both technical profiles with 25+ years of combined expertise and after working together at a major French Cloud provider, Chafik and Jeremy launched Brainboard in 2020.
1610. nowports : Nowports is the first digital Freight Forwarder shipping ocean containers to and from Latin America. One out of every two containers gets lost or delayed due to miscommunication and lack of management. The platform reduces human mistakes to 0% and saves up to 40% of delays with Nowports models and algorithms. Nowports assist companies so moving ocean containers is fast, simple and secure.
1611. massdriver : Massdriver helps engineering and operations teams build secure, production-ready internal developer platforms in minutes. With over 50+ infrastructure components engineering teams can build golden paths quickly on Kubernetes, serverless, or VMs. Get the flexibility product engineers need, with the auditing and security operations teams’ demand. We handle all the boring parts of cloud operations like IAM, secrets, continuous deployment, alerting, and monitoring so your team can focus on the product. Massdriver supports anti-lockin, by running in your cloud, and open-sourcing all of our infrastructure components.
1612. mars-auto : Mars Auto is building autonomous trucks to completely automate warehouse-to-warehouse truck operations.
1613. fieldguide : ‍Fieldguide is an automation and collaboration platform for modern assurance and advisory firms that digitizes the end-to-end engagement workflow on a single platform. Built by former Big Four practitioners and experienced technology leaders, Fieldguide is trusted by top CPA firms to improve margins, win new business, and build stronger client relationships. Fieldguide is backed by top investors such as Bessemer Venture Partners (Sameer Dholakia), 8VC (Alex Moore), Y Combinator, Elad Gil, Floodgate, AICPA/CPA.com, Justin Kan (Twitch/justin.tv), Eric Ries (The Lean Startup), and more.
1614. vango-ai : We built Vango excited by the future where generative visual AI models like stable diffusion dramatically reduce the barrier to create content. While spending 8 months building products for creatives, we found ourselves building hacky tools to address many of frustrations we had with visual AI. So we decided to build the devtool we needed: Vango is a flexible evaluation platform that makes it 10x improve visual models. Developers using visual AI models at scale use Vango to learn quantitative ways to improve their model, saving them ~10 hours per week. Major companies building visual products have already begun integrating diffusion models, including Adobe, Disney, Activision Blizzard, Canva, and Snap. By 2025, it is estimated that 1 billion images per day will be AI-generated.
1615. superpowered-ai : Superpowered AI makes it easy to build production-ready LLM applications with access to external knowledge. Our API lets you connect external sources of knowledge (like regulatory archives, for example) to LLMs. We leverage proprietary RAG technology to dramatically improve retrieval performance and reliability for a wide variety of use cases. If you have an LLM-based application in mind, please reach out! We've helped companies build real-world applications, ranging from internal productivity tools to complete external products.
1616. dagger : Dagger is a programmable CI/CD engine that runs your pipelines in containers. Develop your pipelines as code, in the same programming language as your application. Choose your SDK and start coding! Dagger executes your pipelines entirely as standard OCI containers. This has several benefits: - Instant local testing - Portability: the same pipeline can run on your local machine, a CI runner, a dedicated server, or any container hosting service. - Superior caching: every operation is cached by default, and caching works the same everywhere - Compatibility with the Docker ecosystem: if it runs in a container, you can add it to your pipeline. - Cross-language instrumentation: teams can use each other's tools without learning each other's language.
1617. flexwash : Car washing is a $15B market in dire need of disruption. Legacy systems are costly, out of date, and inflexible. We are building modern solutions to help car wash operators manage and grow their business.
1618. expent-inc : Expent is a marketplace that accelerates software procurement for teams, while giving organizations control over the entire purchasing process.
1619. bop-fm : bop.fm is a YCombinator-backed music technology company that creates a home for every song on the internet. The company aggregates several popular music services (Spotify, Rdio, iTunes, YouTube, SoundCloud, Deezer, etc.) into one interface. Users can then search for any song, play it using any service, and share/discover with any friend (even if they use a different service than you). bop.fm powers this same aggregation and service-agnostic music playback for Rap Genius, as well as music content publishers, messaging clients, social networks, artists/labels, and other partners.
1620. perfect-audience : Perfect Audience is a retargeting platform that lets businesses bring back lost customers and get more sales effortlessly.
1621. cofactor-genomics : Cofactor uses RNA and Predictive Immune Modeling to build better biomarkers and improve patient outcomes. Led by Jarret Glasscock and a group of expert human genome scientists,Cofactor has built a new category of diagnostic technology powered by unique and powerful RNA data models built on terabytes of data. The team recently had their technology validation peer-reviewed by the organizations that set standards for diagnostic technology (CAP, AMP) and is publishing in the Journal of Molecular Diagnostics. In addition, the team made news when Cancer Physicians who sit on the committee for patient treatment guidelines (NCCN) presented a clinical study using Cofactor’s technology showing superiority in predicting the patients who will respond to immunotherapy. This initial application is an acute problem recognized widely in the rapidly developing immunotherapy industry and represents north of a billion dollar TAM. After a number of recent key milestones, the team is taking the technology more broadly to 50% of cancers diagnosed in the US. Current investors include Menlo Ventures, DCVC, and Ascension Ventures (this last investor representing the funding arm for 13 National U.S. Healthcare Systems).
1622. elpha : Elpha is where women succeed at work together. Our members come to Elpha for personal and professional development, to find jobs and to make friends.
1623. gusto : Launched in 2012 as ZenPayroll, Gusto serves more than 300,000 businesses nationwide. Each year we process tens of billions of dollars of payroll and provide employee benefits—like health insurance and 401(k) accounts—while helping companies create incredible work places. Through one refreshingly easy, integrated platform, we automate and simplify your payroll, benefits, and HR, all while providing expert support. You and your employees will get the peace of mind you need to do your best work.
1624. notebook-labs : Notebook solves the Web3 identity problem by using Zero-Knowledge to provide both anonymous proof-of-humanity and credential aggregation. Notebook initially verifies users’ identifying information to ensure that each person has just a single Notebook. Neither Notebook, nor any other company knows the link between a user’s personal information and their Notebook. Once a user’s Notebook account is created they can begin proving their humanity and aggregating their credentials across wallets. Notebook can be used to increase the safety of DeFi, governance, and airdrops. With Notebook, creators and communities can run Sybil-resistant airdrops, DAOs can verify the humanity and aggregate the credentials of participants, and lending protocols can build credit scoring systems to offer lower-collateralized loans.
1625. zeroheight : UX teams are scaling exponentially, but in order to scale effectively, they need to be able to reuse each other’s work. The problem is that right now, UX designers and developers don’t know what’s been done before and they end up rebuilding the same things – over and over. zeroheight integrates with UX tools and allows teams to document their work, so that it can be reused and they can deliver UX faster.
1626. onyx : Onyx is the AI assistant that connects to all your company tools and docs and makes finding any piece of information a breeze. Think ChatGPT, but with access to all your companies documents (only the ones you have access to, of course :P). Or, if you know Glean, you can think about it like an open-source Glean. Concerned about your data? Don't worry we're open source (MIT license) and built to be self-hosted. You can setup Onyx in your VPC in less than 30 minutes - no packets ever have to leave your cloud. Check us out on Github: https://github.com/onyx-dot-app/onyx!
1627. linkgrep : Modern teams work in the browser. But browsers weren't built for teams 😔. This leads to a bunch of problems like: - Knowledge/info that is hard to find (links that get lost, documentation that gets, buried, silos, etc) - Poor collaboration - Inefficient workflows LinkGrep is an AI browser copilot that solves those problems by making your browser team friendly. Specifically we help teams: 1. 🔗 Keep track of links, documents, and more automatically. With LinkGrep you'll never have to manually add or save a link. 2. 🔍 Find information that matters. LinkGrep connects with your existing tools like Notion and Slack and will automatically suggest relevant information to you as your browse (we have semantic search that you can fallback on). Demo: https://youtu.be/jwcPGDRy4oQ 3. 👥 Collaborate better. LinkGrep lets you leave notes and comments directly on web pages — you won't ever have to copy paste a link into Slack ever again. 4. 🤖 Automate team actions like opening up the right links before a meeting. Never disrupt a meeting to send a link again. Demo: https://youtu.be/an3VKpAWft0
1628. engines : Engines is the best platform for AI software engineering agents. AI SWEs will become a fundamental part of every engineering organization. We are building the foundational building blocks to make that a reality.
1629. technician : Technician helps you get your pull requests merged faster. We do this by listening to your check run logs for failures and provide suggested changes that you can instantly commit to your branch.
1630. nimblerx : We enable people to live their best lives. As we succeed, there is more convenience, healthier communities and thriving businesses. We get medications to those who need them and improve information, access and management of their care and enable businesses to move online and gain access to consumers who need their services
1631. pluggy : Pluggy is a B2B Fintech that allows any developer to connect to the data from their users' bank and broker accounts, essentially Plaid for Brazil. We are 100% focused in Brazil. One of the largest markets in the world. Its complexity, risks and challenges require its own solution. Local focus and our deep experience in banking tech engineering allowed Pluggy to create a product that is considered by our customers as the only one to provide reliable data at the right time to market. We currently cover 90% of the bank accounts in Brazil a market of more than 7 billion USD. We are Pluggy!
1632. wareiq : We are building an on-demand Fulfillment network and all software tools in a central platform which is required for an Etailer to manage their eCommerce Fulfillment operations. Etailers connect all their stores to our platform and send us their inventory. Whenever an order is placed on any of the channels, our Decision Engine allocates order to the nearest Warehouse holding the inventory, and right courier partner to pick & deliver to the end customer.
1633. parea : Parea AI is the essential developer platform for debugging and monitoring every stage of LLM application development. We provide testing, evaluation, and monitoring in one unified platform. These capabilities help developers get visibility into LLM responses, quickly test and optimize prompts, and ensure customers get the best user experience.
1634. ekho : Using Ekho’s licensed, white-label integration, our partners unlock market coverage and enable buyers to complete checkout, financing, payment, insurance, and titling & registration in a matter of minutes — all automated and online, without a single visit to the DMV.
1635. metalware : Metalware develops advanced firmware security solutions for real-time embedded systems, protecting critical industries like aerospace, automotive, industrial control, telecom, medical devices, and IoT from cyber threats. Our product is an automated, intelligent binary fuzzer that enables organizations to efficiently discover and remediate security weaknesses in embedded software before release or deployment.
1636. gluetrail : Gluetrail is a chrome extension that allows you to create support/training/marketing assets 10x faster, just from a screen and audio recording. These assets allow you to drive software or process adoption & awareness among prospects, customers or teammates. From one single recording, Gluetrail leverages your screen+clicks+audio transcript, and AI, to: - automatically create step-by-step articles with screenshots and videos - adapt the content for & publish it on 3rd party platforms in 1 click: internal or external knowledge bases (Notion, Confluence, Intercom, Zendesk...), community platforms and social media (linkedin, youtube, twitter, discourse...)
1637. salvy : Salvy is a mobile carrier for businesses in Brazil. Over 300 companies use Salvy to manage over 5,000 mobile lines, cutting costs by over 50%. The founders have worked many years together in Brazil's largest fintechs (Nubank and EBANX). Today, every carrier in Brazil has roughly the same network quality - it isn't a differentiator. If you're an IT manager who needs to deploy 2k lines, you want an integrated and seamless solution. You need to deploy this resource, fast. Salvy provides a software layer that makes deploying and managing mobile lines a fast and efficient process, integrated with HRIS, ERPs, and others. This is a massive market: there are 55 million b2b mobile lines in Brazil, which adds up to 5 billion dollars in ARR in just one country.
1638. mem0 : Mem0 provides a memory layer for LLM applications, enabling them to remember and learn from user interactions over time.
1639. coil-inc : 
1640. godutch : goDutch is a new-age fintech app that powers group payments for millennials. We’re on a mission to reimagine group payments and enable people to enjoy with their friends without any worry of awkward reminders, delayed payments, and multiple transactions. We've first-hand seen that group payments are very tedious - one person first pays on behalf of the entire group, then calculates and makes a note of who owes whom how much, and then individually reminds each person to pay back. At goDutch, we are passionately working towards re-imagining this multi-step process that extends over numerous days and multiple apps. Our focus is on being design-led and driving cutting-edge fintech innovation. goDutch is founded by IIT Bombay grads with a total work experience of 10+ years in fintech and we are backed by global VC investors including Y Combinator.
1641. 80-000-hours : We provide research and support to graduates who want to use their careers to make a big positive impact in the world. We have an online guide that tells you new ways to make an impact, and one-on-one advice & introductions to help people take action.
1642. stormy-ai : Influencer marketing is a pain to set up. Founders spend hours scrolling the feed, DMing content creators, negotiating deals and paying them. We hated that process. So we fully automated it with AI. Now, you can focus on building and let Stormy handle the distribution!
1643. blixo : Blixo offers fast, scalable, and more accessible short-term (3 months) supply chain financing in Southeast Asia (SEA). Blixo specializes in providing smaller loans (<$50k) with an AI-driven underwriting process (approval in <1 week). These loans have higher repayment rates and lower per customer risk. Blixo uses AI credit scoring based on real-time data such as cash flow and inventory, further reducing risk and streamlining repayment. Unlike traditional banks and recent FinTech entrants, Blixo can profitably finance the 74% of suppliers and retailers in SEA that otherwise would be overlooked by traditional lenders because they either lack a traditional credit score or need a loan under $100k.
1644. veera-health : Veera Health is helping 110M women in India get treated for Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS). Our app combines evidence-backed therapy with coaching & specialist support for a subscription fee. PCOS is the most common cause of infertility in women, and can lead to diabetes, depression and cancer. Patients spend up to 10 years and thousands of rupees searching for the right treatment, yet 90% are dissatisfied with existing options. With our program, 85% patients report feeling "in control" of their PCOS after just 1 month and are 4-times more likely to complete treatment. The founders, Shobhita (COO) and Shashwata (CEO) got an inside view into this massive need when the former was diagnosed with PCOS. Shashwata studied data science at Yale University, holds an MBA from Wharton, and helped grow Fortune 100 and growth-stage consumer health / product companies at McKinsey. Shobhita studied Biology & Psychology at Tufts University and has worked with leading healthcare companies, such as GlaxoSmithKline, Accenture Life Sciences & UnitedHealth.
1645. passenger-ai : Software for robotaxi operations.
1646. jitter : Jitter is a fast and simple motion design tool on the web. We help designers create professional animations for communication content, videos, websites or apps easily, while collaborating with product & marketing teams. It's like “Figma for motion design”.
1647. draftaid : DraftAid is the world's first generative AI for CAD manufacturing drawings, akin to GitHub Copilot but for CAD. It drastically shortens drawing creation time, turning hours into seconds. Every product that is manufactured - from construction to aerospace, automotive, durable goods, and electronics—relies on drawings. Currently, engineers and designers painstakingly make these essential drawings manually. Draftaid streamlines this process saving teams millions in time and quality. The idea was born out of Abdullah's experience as a mechanical design team member, where he created thousands of drawings and longed for a more efficient process. Partnering with Tahsin, a neighbour with a PhD in AI, and Mohammed, a seasoned engineering VP with experience in construction software, they turned the dream into reality. Since their launch in August, DraftAid has engaged customers through targeted outreach and word-of-mouth, securing paid pilots with subsequent contracts valued at $150,000. Be a part of ushering in the new era of CAD designs!
1648. proven-group : Proven is a data powered skincare company that creates personalized skincare products based on more than 47 factors about an individual's skin, genetic background, lifestyle and environment. Our formulations are rooted in the largest beauty database in the world, the proprietary Skin Genome Project, built in-house by Proven's cofounder Amy Yuan, a computational physicist from Stanford. The database has won MIT's AI Technology of the Year award and encompasses more than 20Million consumer datapoints and thousands of scientific articles on skin. Our challenge now is to tell the story of Proven, and share our industry leading personalized skincare products with the world.
1649. clear : Clear is the free mobile app that helps you track and share your skincare routine. We are fuelling innovation and empowering consumers in the skincare industry via data, technology and community. We were also the 2022 L'Oréal Beauty Tech for Good winners, and were featured under "Best New Apps and Updates" on the App Store in 2023. The skincare industry is worth $200B and social commerce is going to drive the future growth of every brand in the industry. We're going to be fuelling that growth.
1650. floweq : FlowEQ is the trusted provider of workflow automation for teams that need to accelerate their work, especially complex processes and high-volume workflows that require human judgment. The FlowEQ Workflow Acceleration Platform includes interactive decision trees that are used by customer support, operations and product teams across all industries to improve accuracy and speed up important recurring work. Using FlowEQ customers get through high-stake recurring workflows 10x faster, saving their companies time and money every day. For additional information, visit www.floweq.com.
1651. charge-running : Charge Running is a community for all runners. We host 20+ live virtual running classes and races per day, where runners join and run together from all over the world through a mobile app. Each class is hosted by a live, certified run coach, that tracks all participants' distances, paces, cadences, and interval summaries as they lead the runners via audio through effort-based run classes. Each runner can chat with the coach and other participants of the run, as well as see in real-time the distance of every other runner, no matter where they run from. This creates an incredibly motivational experience. In addition to our daily lineup of classes, Charge hosts virtual races, partnering with race directors and charities to offer a virtual racing experience, with an in-person feel.
1652. fix-ai : Fix AI automates frontend QA testing using AI agents that simulate real users on websites. With simple natural language prompts, e.g. "make sure the onboarding flow works", our agents walk through flows and visually interact with the site to ensure critical bugs never reach users.
1653. invopop : Invopop helps global software companies comply with local tax reporting requirements. We offer an API that records every sale and reports it to the appropriate tax authority in the right format. In the last years, +15 countries have started to require businesses to report to tax authorities every sale, in real-time (e.g., India, Mexico, Brazil). This regulatory trend is catching up, as +20 countries will introduce this new regulation in the next 3 years (e.g., Germany, France, Australia, China). We help companies comply with this.
1654. hiresweet : 
1655. orbio-earth : Orbio uses satellite imagery to track methane emissions from the oil & gas industry. We sell the data to financial companies that want to invest into the best performing energy companies. Until today, oil & gas companies use excel-based emission factors to calculate and report their emissions. As these excel-based emission factors underestimate actual emissions by ~70%, the finance companies that invest into oil & gas can’t mitigate against incoming risks from new regulations, We have built a technology that can for the first time use satellite images to track methane from every single oil & gas facility on the planet, replacing emission factors and allowing finance companies to make the best bets on oil & gas companies that will withstand a wide avalanche of incoming regulation. In the summer 2023 our satellite-based technology got ranked #1 both in terms of accuracy and sensitivity of methane emission events by Stanford University in a peer-reviewed study, beating a range of multi-bn dollar competitors like Maxar. Learn more at https://orbio.earth
1656. demo-gorilla : Demo Gorilla is a browser extension for live SaaS demos that tells your sales team exactly what to say to sell your product. Keep everyone on the same page with the best customer stores, competitive talking points and feature explanations. Collect insights across product, engineering, marketing, and sales experts to ensure your sales team always knows exactly what will close this deal. - Automatically get relevant talking points for the part of the product you're on and who you're talking to - Track notes and metrics back in to your CRM - Share slides and images in line while demoing to set the stage - Clean up your UI to keep attendees focused
1657. inokyo : 
1658. nomic-bio : Nomic is doing for protein profiling, what Illumina did for DNA sequencing. Our core technology, the nELISA, is a next-gen immunoassay platform that transforms the ELISA into a high-throughput, high-content, and high-versatility tool. Today we developed the nELISA for high-throughput drug discovery scientists, enabling them profile 100s of proteins at 10x higher throughput and 10x lower cost compared to existing solutions. We're offering the nELISA through early access programs to HTS groups in top pharmas as well as pioneering biotechs in the space. Our goal is to create a ubiquitous technology that consolidates the broad range of legacy immunoassay toolkits that scientists use today with a single platform that can carry the science end-to-end, from discovery all the way to the clinic. We're a team of engineers, biologists, and highly-skilled lab operators that are looking to grow quickly to keep up with customer demand but also to continue developing our core technology, scale our multiplexing/throughput, and build our software stack. We're hiring on a number of positions including engineering, software, biology, and ops. Come talk to us!
1659. cerulion : Cerulion is an open source operating system for robots built by 2 MIT robotics PhDs. Companies like Amazon Robotics and Boston Dynamics AI Institute are using us to develop faster and ship more reliable robots than with ROS. With up to 1000x improvements in communications performance over state of the art, Cerulion is enabling the next generation of embodied AI.
1660. tipjoy : Tipjoy was a simple, social payments engine that allowed merchants to sell digital content and features, charities to raise money for causes, and individuals to give money to one another. Tipjoy was a Winter '08 Y Combinator participant.
1661. rct-studio : rct AI is providing AI solutions to the game industry and building the true Metaverse with AI generated content. By using cutting-edge technologies, especially deep learning and reinforcement learning, rct AI creates a truly dynamic and intelligent user experience both on the consumers’ side and production’s side. The founding team ever built a company, Raventech together and helped make it acquired by Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) in 2017.
1662. mason : Mason is the fastest way to take smart devices from idea to end user. Whether building a single-use device from scratch or scaling a line of smart products, with Mason it’s 20x faster and 10x less costly to build, deploy and scale. Digital transformation is a modern requirement but operating a hardware-dependent initiative is hard – thousands of hours and millions of dollars are at stake. The Mason Smart Device Platform is the only fully managed infrastructure for developing and delivering dedicated devices. It offers flexible usage-based pricing for fleets of devices and manages the underlying complexity of all associated backend services, making software delivery on a smart product line—whether it’s a tablet, wearable or new form factor—as simple as delivering software in the cloud. This frees innovators to focus on what matters: application development, feature specification and UX. Granular access to add, remove or lock down capabilities makes it possible for highly customized products to be built as envisioned. Mason offloads hardware investment risks and logistics, including inventory procurement, warehousing and supply chain management. With options like zero-touch provisioning, devices can work perfectly out of the box without end user intervention. Remote fleet management, troubleshooting and automated software updates by Mason ensure security and positive end user experiences. Organizations of all sizes rely on Mason to bring innovations and hundreds of use cases to market without reinventing the wheel. Smarter from start to finish with Mason.™ AWARDS * 2023: Best Places to Work & Best Startups to Work For, Built In Seattle * 2022: Best Places to Work & Best Small Places to Work, Built In Seattle * 2022: IoT Health & Wellness Innovation of the Year, IoT Breakthrough * 2022: Bronze Stevie® Award - Emerging Technology, The 2022 American Business Awards® * 2021: Deloitte Technology Fast 500™, Deloitte * 2019: Tech Impact Awards, Mobile - Silver, Seattle Business magazine Follow us on LinkedIn | https://www.linkedin.com/company/mason-america/
1663. makrwatch : Makrwatch helps D2C companies scale user acquisition with YouTube creators. Our clients see us as an alternative growth channel to Google/Facebook, by reaching their audience at a more efficient cost per acquisition and obtaining high quality customers that are more engaged. Makrwatch has been growing 100%+ year over year, currently processes 2M-5M in billings and helps creators in over 60+ countries. We are reaching 20 team members in 6+ countries, have been fully remote for the past years and aim to reach 20M in billings with 10,000 sponsored videos within the next 18 months.
1664. galaxy : Add leaderboards, clans, and more to any mobile game in minutes.
1665. finlens : Finlens is a modern accounting platform purpose built for modern businesses. Finlens helps you stay on top of your financial metrics, taxes and books without having to email your accountant. We auto-categorize your transactions, keep your books clean and provide a managed accounting powered by humans and augmented by LLMs.
1666. warp : Warp is a modern payroll, compliance, and benefits platform built for founders. We put all state tax registrations and compliance on autopilot so you never need to login to another .gov website again. The last time you think about payroll and compliance will be the time you onboard to Warp.
1667. vimcal : 
1668. bunting-labs : Bunting Labs is automating the digitization of maps into GIS and CAD software.
1669. namaste-business : Namaste is Shopify for a mobile first world. Using Namaste, small businesses can make their own eCommerce website and native mobile apps. At the press of a button they can publish their app to Google Play Store and Apple App Store.
1670. mobius-materials : Mobius is the safe spot market for electronic components like microcontrollers and capacitors. We help electronics manufacturers buy and sell chips quickly, safely & at market prices.
1671. parley : Parley automates flat-fee legal work using LLM’s, starting with visa applications for immigration lawyers. Currently, immigration lawyers spend 20+ hours putting together writing-intensive work visas and green cards. We integrate directly into a lawyer's workflow and do all the reading, writing, and compiling — which is 80% of the work required to file a visa application.
1672. datamode : We're building a tool to help data engineers diagnose problems in their data pipelines. Datamode integrates with the technologies you use to provide a single place to start investigating problems and reduce the mean time to diagnosis. This means higher data quality and improved reliability for the business.
1673. fable : Fable is a command center for product teams - we're building for PMs what Figma has done for designers and Linear for engineers. Product teams are acting on stale information. Fable is the place that keeps everything - from specs to decisions - fresh.
1674. activepieces : Activepieces is an open-source (MIT) business automation software. For example, you can build automations to receive email and Slack notifications about new contacts add to your HubSpot CRM.
1675. alpaca : Alpaca is an API infrastructure and licensed financial services company that allows developers and businesses to offer stock and crypto investing to their end-customers. We work with more than 100 companies across the globe to enable their investing products, and our mission is to provide financial services to everyone on the planet. Alpaca’s globally distributed team consists of developers, traders, and brokerage business specialists and backed by a group of well-capitalized investors including Portage Ventures, Spark Capital, Tribe Capital, Unbound, Social Leverage, Horizons Ventures, Y Combinator as well as highly experienced industry angel investors and founders. We are also very tech-enthusiastic with notable track records in open-source and startup communities.
1676. industrial-microbes : At iMicrobes, we believe there are opportunities for biology to solve our biggest problems. Our mission is to work with the world’s largest companies to use new raw materials and recycle waste for chemical production, polymers, agriculture, and space exploration.
1677. vastrm : Vastrm Fashion™ (pronounced vas' trum) Vastrm was started to solve a basic problem: Shirts that don’t fit well! Mass produced shirts were meant to accommodate a wide variety of body types with one standard size, and different brands have different sizing standards, making shopping difficult--many men must shop in 4 - 5 different stores before finding a shirt that actually fits! By providing a home try on program and giving the ability to make custom fit adjustments to all of their apparel, Vastrm allows its customers to finally hone in on and find the perfect fit for their unique body types. Tang came up with the idea for Vastrm, which is a Sanskrit word for cloth, when a customer told him he had purchased a perfect shirt in Italy and has never been able to find the same fit again. He was considering flying back to Italy to track the shirt maker down, but Jonathan managed to adjust Vastrm shirts to the same fit.
1678. jo : jo is a voice-first digital personality that works alongside you every day – a smart and efficient new friend who saves you time and money while improving your quality of life. As of now, jo runs only on macOS desktop, and only on Apple Silicon.
1679. finary : Finary makes investing social by bringing together your portfolio and friends. Chat, hangout, and collaborate on investments.
1680. rainbow : 
1681. scanbase : Scanbase makes it easy for medical companies to convert photos of rapid diagnostic tests into results. We do this by providing a simple API that any medical company can access.
1682. recipeui : The first version of RecipeUI was a viral project at Robinhood that reached 100% adoption from all engineering and QA teams. When an API broke, anyone from Frontend to QA to PMs could debug without relying on backend engineers
1683. netmaker : Netmaker is an open source virtual networking platform based on WireGuard. With Netmaker, you can bridge, clouds, the edge, IoT devices, and Kubernetes clusters. Netmaker provides the fastest possible virtual networks, with an average speed 10x faster than standard alternatives. Think of Netmaker like your VPC for distributed systems.
1684. fuse : Fuse provides single API that integrates with multiple bank connection vendors, such as Plaid, MX, Teller, Finicity and Yodlee. Users can easily search for and select their bank via a drop-in component in your app, and then the most reliable bank connection vendor for that bank will be displayed. Fuse also provides a consistent data model for all bank integrations and handles the necessary data transformations and API quirks for you. By using Fuse, companies can improve the reliability of bank connections, reduce disconnections, and support more banks.
1685. formal : 
1686. koala : PROBLEM 😩 Zoom is great for adults, not ideal to engage an 8 year old online. SOLUTION 🔥 Koala Go, the award-winning interactive platform for online teaching businesses. Learn more at https://teachwithkoala.com/
1687. flasho : Flasho enables user interviews on auto pilot for customer obsessed product teams. It moderates 1000s of user interviews simultaneously and gives insights in seconds!
1688. hamming-ai : Humans make billions of calls/day. We think a majority of these will be handled by AI built by thousands of companies tackling every single vertical. Making these AI voice agents reliable is hard. A small change in prompts, function call definitions, or model providers can cause large changes in LLM outputs. Hamming automates testing for AI voice agents. Our voice agents call your voice agent. An AI drive-through startup uses Hamming to simulate thousands of simultaneous phone calls to achieve 99.99% agent order accuracy. We have a proven track record of helping enterprises win with AI. Sumanyu (CEO) previously helped Citizen (safety app) grow its users by 4X and grew an AI-powered sales program to 100s of millions in revenue/year at Tesla. Marius (CTO) previously ran data infrastructure @ Anduril and was a founding engineer @ Spell (MLOps startup acquired by Reddit).
1689. protocol-labs : Protocol Labs is an open-source research, development, and deployment laboratory. Our projects include IPFS, Filecoin, libp2p, and many more. We aim to make human existence orders of magnitude better through technology. Some of our projects. IPFS makes the web work peer-to-peer. IPFS is a protocol for storing, addressing, and transferring data, designed to replace HTTP in many contexts. IPFS uses content-addressing to uniquely identify and link to information. IPFS is one of the leading protocols of Web3, crypto, and the decentralized web movements. IPFS serves millions of end users and tens of thousands of developers. It powers the websites and applications of small startups, large enterprises, and even blockchains. Filecoin is a decentralized storage network, designed to store humanity's most important information. Filecoin is a cryptocurrency incentivized decentralized market, where storage providers earn filecoin tokens for renting out storage space. (Think airbnb for cloud storage). Filecoin is one of the leading projects in the cryptocurrency/blockchain space.
1690. apurata : We offer instant underwriting of financing at the point of sale (ecommerce or physical) focused on small purchases ($100-$1000).
1691. silogy : Silogy is building an AI-powered platform for chip developers to simulate and debug their designs.
1692. aviary : Aviary Notebook is an AI-powered video notebook that helps you learn faster from videos, and to share and collaborate with video notes.
1693. infinia : Infinia is enabling Fintechs, PSPs and Banks to connect to RTP rails both for payins and payouts globally. Ianai, the CEO, is the former Global VP of Partnerships at dLocal and grew the company from $0 to $100M ARR.
1694. simplehash : SimpleHash allows developers to query all blockchain data from a single platform. We index multiple blockchains, take care of edge cases, and can be integrated in a few lines of code. We make the lives of developers working with token data easier by abstracting away all the complexity. We serve some of the leading names in crypto, including Coinbase, Phantom and Uniswap. We're growing quickly, are well-funded, and have an ambitious vision to organize the world of digital assets. Join us if you're excited by a high impact role on a lean, fast paced team at the forefront of the revolution in digital assets.
1695. mudafy : Mudafy is a tech-enabled real estate broker for LatAm that makes it easier for people to buy and sell their homes. Mudafy delivers superior customer experience through technology and data analytics. Their customer-facing product includes 360° virtual tours, online booking for showings & appraisals, and dynamic benchmark pricing data for properties. For agents, they have processes and tools that increase their efficiency by 10x compared to traditional realtors. For the first time, there is a level of professionalism to the LATAM real estate market, which is leading to homes closing faster and at a fraction of the cost.
1696. logica : Logica helps finance teams with forecasting & budgeting. The software provides a drag and drop interface for building financial models that can be updated and shared in real time and connects with accounting and analysis tools for comparing plan vs actual.
1697. dabble : Dabble is a virtual photo studio for e-commerce powered by hyper-realistic CGI and computer vision. The demand for content in retail is skyrocketing due to the pandemic induced surge in online shopping, but product photography is still extremely slow, tedious and expensive. We’re building a platform to scale and automate product photography for every e-commerce brand.
1698. instabug : Monitor, prioritize, and debug performance and stability issues throughout the entire mobile app development lifecycle.
1699. orca : Orca is banking built for Gen Z from the ground up. Send money instantly, split bills with groups, access local discounts and perks, spend and save, and do everything else you could ever ask on Orca — the only financial hub you'll ever need.
1700. jamsocket : We are a platform for high-performance browser-based applications. We make it easier for developers to deploy apps that give every user a dedicated backend. This is a system design that apps like Figma and GitHub codespaces use, but it's currently difficult for others to replicate it. We make it as easy as deploying a traditional web server.
1701. talc : Talc builds datasets 100x faster than human labels while outperforming humans in quality. We build custom datasets in any domain, and have replaced human labels for teams in fields ranging from Medical care to Insurance.
1702. storylane : Storylane enables marketing and sales teams to create and share interactive product demos in 10 min. Prospective buyers can self-experience the demos without talking to sales. Our no-code platform allows teams (without any engineering help) to capture, personalize, add guides and publish a demo. These Demos can be embedded on websites, email campaigns or sales followups.
1703. one-codex : One Codex is a data platform for applied microbial genomics, enabling new and valuable applications in clinical diagnostics, food safety, and biosecurity. Acquired by Invitae (NVTA) in February 2021. Spun out as an independent company in September 2022.
1704. leaping : When bad software gets shipped, software companies burn a lot of money and customer trust fixing it. Most software engineers will tell you they spend more time fixing code than writing it, which will only become more true as AI code assistants gain adoption. Leaping autonomously root causes bugs and generates tested code fixes.
1705. adventurous-co : 
1706. flowdeploy : FlowDeploy helps bioinformaticians manage their data analysis pipelines. We provide everything they need to try, run, develop, and share their pipelines. That includes integrations with AWS, Snakemake, Nextflow, GitHub, Slack, SSO, and more, as well as a clean API and web app for launching and monitoring pipelines and managing their data. FlowDeploy is built for bioinformaticians: it doesn't restrict how pipelines are built and managed, as long as a bioinformatics workflow manager like Nextflow or Snakemake is used. But it does eliminate several footguns like idle spend and accidental data egress, and it reduces the potential for users accidentally sharing credentials. FlowDeploy runs the pipelines in either our managed cloud or the customer's cloud – eliminating the need to transfer data externally. Non-computational biologists can use FlowDeploy, too: features like pipelines templates decrease the complexity to launch a new pipeline, which reduces user error and decreases the need for advanced cloud training for non-computational users.
1707. sunu : Sunu Nek is an AR neck-worn interface using radar, audio, and haptics to assist the mobility and daily living of visually impaired users. Haptics informs the users of obstacles around them in real-time through vibrations while audio helps orient the user via GPS voice features. Starting with the blind, the Sunu Nek is the next non-obtrusive human computing interface that will be used by all. The future will be more like "Her" than "Ready player one".
1708. stralis-aircraft : Our planes fly 10 times further than battery electric alternatives, with a lower operating cost than fossil fuel powered aircraft. Our first product is a 15 seat aircraft with a range of 800 km that enters service in 2026 with launch customer Skytrans. Our team has over 85 years of aerospace experience and have developed, flight tested and certified aircraft at Google X, magniX, Heart Aerospace, Ampaire, Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Gulfstream. We have $145M in aircraft LOIs from 7 airlines in the US, Europe and Australia.
1709. maia : Maia helps couples connect more each day. Trained by relationship experts, Maia offers daily activities, personalized advice, proactive insights, quizzes and games through AI and relationship science.
1710. decent : Decent's core product,[The Box](https://decent.xyz/), enables 1-click transactions using any token across chains. For example, a user can purchase an Optimism NFT off primary or secondary sales using USDC on Arbitrum. As applications splinter across an increasing number of rollups and app chains, wallets and dapps will have to meet users at their point of liquidity vs. expecting users to jump through hoops to arrive with tokens on the correct network.
1711. boitas-com : Boitas.com is a B2B Food Service platform that makes easy for restaurants, hotels and cafeterias to order the supplies they need all in one place using their mobile phones or computers.
1712. galini : Galini guardrails-as-a-service filter harmful inputs and outputs based on company policies and industry regulations. We make it easy for enterprises to create, test, deploy and refine guardrails. With Galini, product and engineering leaders enjoy peace of mind knowing their AI apps are compliant at run-time, and save $1-10M in costs from avoiding in-house build
1713. menza : Menza is a modern data analytics platform that takes the stress out of strategy. Generate proactive insights and interactive dashboards in seconds using Menza's proprietary AI technology. Enterprises use Menza to make strategic decisions to go to the next level.
1714. astro-mechanica : Astro Mechanica has invented a new kind of jet engine – the Electric Adaptive Engine. Unlike any existing engine, it’s efficient at every speed. Because it’s efficient at every speed, it enables us to build a new jet aircraft with unique capabilities. It can launch payloads to orbit for 3x cheaper or fly 3x faster than regular passenger aircraft.
1715. clearly-ai : Clearly AI automates security and privacy reviews with AI. We performed hundreds of reviews at Amazon and Moveworks and now we're building the product we wish we had. We launched in August 2024 and secured two paid pilots within a week, including a major electric automaker. Our users complete reviews in minutes instead of days. Emily and Joe are technical co-founders and senior engineers. We met in 2019 while working on an Alexa security review.
1716. unstatiq : There are billions of dollars of hospital waste caused by inefficient, disconnected supply chains and finance data. Today, clinics are facing unprecedented backorders, recalls, and purchase verticals (medical devices, SaaS, security, commodities). We are building a single product to 10x a fragmented industry with each tool built almost 20 years ago.
1717. ello : 
1718. forge : Forge makes procurement software for hardware companies. Trillions of dollars of purchases at the most advanced manufacturing companies are managed across spreadsheets, emails, and meetings - we automate this. Emir and Haris are brothers with backgrounds in both software and hardware engineering. While developing rocket engines, Emir saw firsthand how poor procurement operations caused weeks to months of delay, bottlenecking the pace of development. Our product lets teams collaborate with manufacturers, track orders from quote to delivery, manage purchase approvals, and more!
1719. veles : Veles – The Sales Calculator. Veles empowers sales reps to deliver pricing effectively and craft dynamic options that maximize deal size. By integrating seamlessly with CPQs And CRMs, Veles makes every sales rep a top performer. Key Features: ✅ SaaS Pricing Calculator: Easily standardize pricing and track sales rep behavior in one intuitive platform. ✅ Standard Deal Definition: Define sales strategies and terms to expedite onboarding and maintain negotiation consistency. ✅ Performance Analytics: Gain insights into sales rep behaviors that lead to closed-won deals through comprehensive deal scoring. ✅ Alignment & Optimization: Foster team alignment by sharing negotiations and strategies for successful negotiation calls.
1720. tangobuilder : Today the building design process is cumbersome and expensive. Architects submit their design to structural engineers for validation. Engineers need to design all structural elements such as walls, columns, and beams to ensure the structure will not collapse and complies with regulations. The structural engineer needs four to six weeks to generate the initial solution. The engineer will submit his proposal to the architect and then engage in an extensive back and forth discussion until they agree on a satisfying solution. TANGObuilder generates the building structural design in real-time, cutting six weeks of the overall process, and reducing material usage by 30%.
1721. ferveret-inc : Ferveret develops liquid cooling solutions inspired by nuclear power plant cooling. We save data centers 96% in cooling costs, 68% on capital costs, and reduce their carbon footprint by 40% while increasing chip performance by 2X. Today, about 40% of the electricity used in these facilities is wasted on cooling. Our technology eliminates this wasted energy.
1722. glitzi : Glitzi provides at-home spa, beauty and grooming services for people in Latin America. We do this by connecting you to our network of high quality masseuses, manicurists and barbers.
1723. cheqout : Cheqout is a mobile POS for brick & mortar businesses that allows waiters and retail workers to take or accept orders & payments. You can think of it as a hybrid of the Apple Store and WeChat Pay, with both staff and customers using their own devices to facilitate the transaction through QR codes.
1724. baubap : Baubap is LatinAmerica's firts AI-powered, credit-focused bank. Today we're the leading AI lending app in Mexico
1725. hypertrader : Unlock your trading superpowers wtih HyperTrader. As traders, we reimagined the ultimate trading experience for you. HyperTrader is fast, efficient, accurate, and secure. ✔️ Streamline your workflow with fewer clicks. ✔️ Speed up your trading with fast execution. ✔️ Stay informed with real-time position updates. ✔️ Trade safe with secure encryption.
1726. apten : Apten is an AI SMS agent that automates sales and marketing for B2C service businesses. We help businesses build custom agents that drive higher lead conversion and deliver personalized messaging at scale.
1727. examedi : Examedi is a healthcare-at-home marketplace in Latin America that sends nurses and lab technicians directly to patients’ homes for appointments. It’s like Uber, but for medical lab work.
1728. atopile : atopile is a new language to design electronic circuit boards with code. We replace point and click graphical interfaces with code to bring software level automation and reuse to the field of hardware design. Our project is open source on GitHub! https://github.com/atopile/atopile
1729. buildzoom : BuildZoom is a better way to remodel. We connect homeowners to the most reliable general contractors in their area and make remodeling simpler, cheaper and more predictable. Our technology harvests public data on every licensed contractor in the United States, including license information, building permits, bond and insurance information and other government records. We use this public data along with private data gleaned from past BuildZoom marketplace interactions to evaluate contractor quality, availability, and fit for each construction project. Our goal is to help project owners arrive at several competitive bids from highly qualified and experienced construction companies to ensure a fair price and a successful project. We build tools to help contractors look their best online, manage their lead pipeline, seamlessly interact with project owners, and compose professional bid proposals.
1730. aspire : Aspire is the all-in-one finance operating system for businesses. We help companies pay, manage, and earn smarter - by doing more than a bank, bookkeeper, or rewards program could ever do alone. Our mission is to empower the next generation of entrepreneurs with the financial tools they need to realise their company’s full potential. We believe that if we can empower business owners to be successful, they will go on to make a meaningful impact to the communities we are all part of.
1731. kodable-education : Kodable Education was founded to fill a gap in education currently affecting over 250 million kids around the world. Our mission is to help prepare kids for success in the 21st century by making programming education accessible to everyone. We make awesome games that not only teach kids about programming, but help develop soft skills like grit, perseverance, and problem solving. Kids journey through the Smeeborgian Universe with a family of furry aliens and learn about programming logic, JavaScript, and game design. Kodable also includes a curriculum for elementary school teachers so they can feel confident teaching along side the game. Kodable is already used in over 50% of US schools, and in over 190 countries. Help us continue our mission and expose millions more kids to the wonderful world of computer science!
1732. writesonic : Writesonic is an AI writing and image generation platform with a mission to empower everyone in the world to create any form of content 10X faster. It's like Canva for writing, with tools that simplify the process of creating, editing, and publishing SEO-optimized articles, blog posts, ads, landing pages, eCommerce product descriptions, social media posts, and many other forms of content. Our customers love us, as evidenced by the 10,000+ 5-star reviews on G2, TrustPilot, and Capterra. Backed by Y Combinator, HOF Capital (investors in Uber, Stripe, Alibaba, UiPath, Klarna), Rebel Fund (team includes founders of Instacart, Reddit, and Cruise), Soma Capital (investors in Deel, Rippling, Razorpay, Lattice, coda, Rappi), Broom Ventures, Amino Capital (investors in Zoom, Webflow, Rippling) and some of the best angels from different industries.
1733. stratumai : The mining industry drills narrow holes in the ground called drillholes to identify how much gold is in a ground at any spot. These holes are expensive so the industry uses statistical interpolation to predict what's in between these holes. Stratum replaces these traditional methods by utilizing deep learning to better predict both where to best drill and how much gold is in between these holes. This technology is not limited to gold and has been demonstrated to work on other metals, including base metals like copper. Based on Stratum's current pilots, our technology is projected to create ~10M in annual value for the average mine.
1734. felix-biotechnology : We are building the first end-to-end digital viral design platform to protect the world against the coming threat of antimicrobial resistance.
1735. helix-nanotechnologies : Technology finds information and delivers physical products to us almost instantly. mRNA does the same for biology. At HelixNano, we see a world where treatments are cheap, progress is decentralized, and you can modify biology at the push of a button. By focusing on mRNA improvements from first principles, we’re getting there faster than we thought. Experiments that used to take months or years can be done in weeks and cost thousands instead of millions. The rate limiting step for our progress is now scientific curiosity. Rigid hierarchies and top-down decisions will miss the magic. Some of our most powerful technologies started out as side projects of junior team members. At HelixNano, every individual scientist can have a massive impact on the company's direction. And the more diverse our team, the faster we’ll find the really cool ideas. We've started rolling out some of our new tech — moving a COVID-19 vaccine candidate for the immunocompromised towards the clinic, and testing an intervention with massive environmental impact. But we’re scientists at heart, and team focus is solidly on the horizon.
1736. patika : Our Product: Sanifu Sanifu enables manufacturers and distributors to automate the entry of sales orders from emails and WhatsApp into their ERP systems. By extracting customer order details from various formats—including emails, PDFs, and handwritten notes—and accurately entering the data into ERP systems, Sanifu significantly reduces manual data entry time and errors. This automation enhances overall efficiency for businesses, allowing them to scale more effectively and focus on core operations. We are targeting a market of 180,000 manufacturers and distributors across Africa, representing a $2.5B+ opportunity. Sidney and Phelix, who met 10 years ago at a leadership program by Mastercard and Equity Bank, are technical founders with 5+ years experience working together to build payments platforms that processed $10M monthly GTV across Kenya, Uganda & Nigeria.
1737. bluehill-payments : BlueHill is like a marketplace for payment processors. Our product is an intelligent gateway routing platform that automatically reduces transaction fees on everyday credit card transactions by routing transactions to different gateways based on a variety of parameters. This allows merchants to get access to a wider variety of alternative payment methods while lowering their fees, improving transaction clearance rate all while still getting lower processing rates.
1738. unschool : Unschool provides real-world professional education that colleges in India do not provide. We are a marketplace where college students in India can learn about technology, management and arts from high-quality courses created by experts from around the world.
1739. living-carbon : Public benefit company on a mission to fight climate change by genetically enhancing CO2 capture and storage in plants.
1740. onefin : Building a plug-and-play suite of APIs to enable financial inclusion. OneFin is backed by marquee investors from Silicon Valley like Y Combinator, Khosla Ventures, etc. Leading NBFC, SFB and fintech companies in India are our users. We have enabled loan disbursement/migration of more than $600M in last few years across more than 1 million loans across education loans, EV financing, business loans, credit line, 2 wheeler financing, personal loans, invoice discounting, and various other credit products.
1741. nimbus-3 : Our mission is to enable FANG-like observability for every organization in the world. We're starting with an optimization engine to reduce datadog costs by an order of magnitude without manual effort from developers.
1742. codecombat : CodeCombat is a multiplayer programming game for learning how to code. With thousands of schools and millions of students, we are bringing K12 computer science education to everyone, regardless of gender, race, or background. Everyone should have the opportunity to learn. The ultimate goal of CodeCombat is to bring more users into the field of computer programming by making the logic and syntax more accessible and enjoyable to learn. The end game is to educate a whole new generation of computer programmers that started their journey by slaying ogres and defending their castles from oncoming enemy hordes. We teach Python, JavaScript, and other languages directly in the browser. Teachers with no computer science background can get started in five minutes. In a world where all programmers have had to be second-language learners, do you want your students to become native speakers of code? Let's chat about bringing CodeCombat to your school! Find us on Twitter at https://twitter.com/CodeCombat
1743. wantd : WANTD is a D2C consumer marketplace for fashion and footwear brands to launch and sell product. We do the things Shopify is unable to do; we provide multiple channels to sell (e.g. live commerce, marketplace, auctions), influencer networks, and order fulfillment in a mobile-first experience. We solve the cold-start problem for brands and enable them to remain focused on product creation.
1744. the-centre-for-effective-altruism : effective altruism — the use of high-quality evidence and careful reasoning to work out how to help others as much as possible. Its purpose is to help you figure out how you can do the most good. It will help you think about which cause to focus on and how to use your money or your time to start making a difference, right away.
1745. heptabase : Heptabase is a visual note-taking tool that helps you learn complex topics. You can put your rich-text notes on whiteboards to record your thinking process. When you search for a note in the future, you can find the whiteboards it appears on to remember how you think with perfect visual memory. Heptabase is backed by Y Combinator, HOF Capital, Kleiner Perkins, Moving Capital, Tonic Fund, and other investors, including the founders of Socialcam, Triplebyte, Codementor, and more.
1746. samos-insurance : Samos sells accidental death insurance for individuals undergoing surgery. Just like travel insurance but covering a hospital stay.
1747. delee : Delee is a medical device company that developed a blood-testing device for early diagnosis of cancer and treatment monitoring through the isolation and analysis of the circulating tumor cells.
1748. safer-management : Safer Management sells attendance software to public school districts and colleges. Public schools receive federal funding based on their average daily attendance, and our software ensures they get the money they need. We started Safer Mgmt. 12 months ago after I dropped off my twin boys and experienced inefficiencies with the sign-in process. We are now in 75 public schools and two colleges with annual reoccurring revenue of $621,000. We have 82% margins and are profitable. At scale, we will charge $15 per student per year. There are 70 million public school students in America which is a $1.4 billion dollar market opportunity.
1749. tailor-ed : Tailor-ED is a cutting edge AI-based learning bot calibrated to provide personalized learning experiences and recommend the best resources for learners. We are reshaping workplace training to meet the demands of a world where technology shifts rapidly and the race for new skills never ends. We help companies deliver workforce training faster, better and cheaper. We achieve this by identifying knowledge gaps and offering a learning assistant with personalized training paths, integrating smoothly into the daily workflow via tools like Slack and Teams.
1750. epsilon : Get answers to research questions with citations from the academic literature.
1751. demeter : Demeter is an AI back-office solution for private investors. Starting with portfolio management, Demeter automates performance tracking, benchmarking, and return analysis, providing insights in minutes instead of weeks.
1752. latchel : Latchel is the only end-to-end platform that automates maintenance coordination and delivers best in class resident amenities. We service over 80,000 homes across over 400 customers in all 50 states of the US. We’re growing rapidly and need a Product Designer to continue our rapid growth trajectory.
1753. overfit : 
1754. juzibot : JuziBot is a startup that provides smart marketing and sales services for customers on WeChat platform, the company helps SMBs build secure and stable key opinion customer (KOC) channels, as well as helps corporate clients with customer acquisition and sales conversion. JuziBot currently serves customers in education, insurance, healthcare, and a few other industries, some of the clients include Meituan Dianping, Digital China, Zuoyebang, etc., and 80% of these existing customers have been acquired through word of mouth. JuziBot's products have been known to improve the sales experience for one million sales professionals on a daily basis. The company is invested by a number of leading VCs including PreAngel, Plug and Play, Y Combinator, TSVC, and Alpha Startups. JuziBot received the CCFA Retail Technology Rising Enterprise Award in 2018. In 2018 and 2019, respectively, the company won the 1st place in both of the task-based human-machine dialogue response naturalness, and the chat-type human-machine dialogue assessment in the SMP Chinese Human-Machine Dialogue Technology Evaluation held by the Chinese Information Processing Society of China (CIPSC).
1755. encarte : 
1756. globe : The global cryptocurrency derivatives exchange Inventors of bitcoin VIX, the first low latency perpetual futures exchange and more
1757. gen1e-lifesciences : GEn1E Lifesciences is a Clinical-stage, multi-target company with a unique AI platform. We develop novel, next-generation, immunomodulatory therapies for rare & inflammatory diseases with no effective treatments. Our team is supercharging the drug development cycle by applying AI to multiple-mechanism-of-action protein targets and their natural platform capabilities—creating novel therapeutics at an unprecedented pace. Our AI platform has enabled us to develop a purpose-built therapy for ARDS to reduce its $20 billion cost on society (just in the USA). GEn1E has built a rich pipeline of 21+ novel and selective immunomodulators and has plans to accelerate 2 additional devastating diseases (beyond their lead indication) to IND in the next 12 months. Our AI platform enables tremendous pace and capital efficiency as demonstrated by our progress in ~2 years with seed capital—a stark contrast to the typical spend of $100M+ and 7+ years exhibited in the pharmaceuticals / biotech industry. With ~90% of rare diseases having no therapeutic treatment at all, GEn1E is taking a giant swing that will hopefully bring life-saving therapies to the lives of patients in need. The team at GEn1E has decades of experience in drug development and machine learning. We graduated from YCombinator and Stanford-StartX in late 2019. We are based in Palo Alto, CA.
1758. warpfy : The Fine Living Company (Warpfy) is on a mission to revolutionize the $800B home and kitchen market, building a tech-enabled cross-border Home Lifestyle brand from India—think Shein for Home or Williams Sonoma. Our Design-to-Manufacture-to-Consumer model cuts out the middlemen, delivering high-quality products directly to consumers (D2C), through marketplaces, and via our proprietary B2B channel, The India Wholesale Company). With a fragmented market where 70% is dominated by single-store boutiques and online penetration is just 20%, Home and Kitchen segment is ripe for disruption. India’s share of products has been minimal due to 60%+ value inflation from intermediaries. We’re changing that. Our full-stack approach: AI Copilot-driven product design, ERP for multi-channel distribution & manufacturer retention, and optimized supply chain—offers unparalleled speed & value.
1759. yourquote : YourQuote is a social writing app that helps regular people share their short-form creative writing. Much like how Instagram has turned each one of us into a photographer, YourQuote has turned 2.5 million people in India into amateur writers.
1760. podium : Podium is the all-in-one AI-powered lead management and communication platform used by more than 100,000 businesses to acquire and convert new customers. At the forefront of Podium’s innovation is its AI employee, who ensures businesses respond to leads instantly, anytime of the day or night—significantly increasing lead conversion rates and revenue. Podium helps businesses obtain more reviews, rank higher on Google, and consolidate lead channels. Businesses can call and text customers from the web and/or mobile app, send payment links, drive repeat business through bulk messages, and more—all managed and delivered from one easy-to-use dashboard. Additionally, with Podium’s AI Employee and automations, businesses can efficiently handle customer inquiries seamlessly across all communication channels, providing timely and accurate responses that drive sales. Podium’s innovative work has gained recognition on top industry lists, such as Forbes’ Next Billion Dollar Startups, Forbes’ Cloud 100, the Inc. 5000, and Fast Company’s World’s Most Innovative Companies. Podium was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Lehi, Utah. It is currently backed by Accel, Summit Partners, GV (formerly Google Ventures), and Y Combinator.
1761. getgoing : GetGoing is a travel technology company simplifying the business of travel so that our partners can focus on running their core business. Our travel search, booking, and advertising solutions seamlessly integrate complex technology and award-winning product design to serve the modern consumer and increase profitability for our partners. Our clients include Fortune 500 corporations, travel management companies (TMCs), airlines and hotel chains, incentive management companies, and online retailers.
1762. kaipod-learning : KaiPod Learning is a national network of microschools bringing school choice to every community in America. We work with education entrepreneurs to start high-quality community-based microschools to better serve students and their families. As more families stand up for choice in education and as more educators look for alternative career pathways, KaiPod Learning is helping bring microschools into the mainstream.
1763. flint : We help hospitals 🏥 hire nurses 🧑🏻‍⚕️ from all around the world 🌏 and with technology make the complexity of immigration and licensing simple.
1764. per-diem : Per Diem makes launching an app as easy as building a website. Think Starbucks-level tech for every mom-and-pop shop, at 10x the speed and 1/10th the cost. Ranked as the top app for Loyalty & Rewards in the Square app marketplace, our iOS and Android apps power over 150 brands, including Coffee Dose, Think Coffee, and Chip City.
1765. our-world-in-data : Poverty, disease, hunger, climate change, war, existential risks, and inequality: The world faces many great and terrifying problems. It is these large problems that our work at Our World in Data focuses on. Our World in Data publishes an open-access publication where users can understand the state of the world today, where we are making progress and where we are falling behind. Through interactive data visualizations we can see how the world has changed; by summarizing the scientific literature we can understand why. We cover everything from global poverty to natural disasters, education and health; we have 3405 charts across 297 topics. Our World in Data is free, open-source and provided as a public good. It has millions of users every month, and is cited in research and media across the world every day. This allows millions of people to understand the large problems the world is facing, and how we can solve them.
1766. hyperpad : Hypercard for iPad. Allows non-technical people to create media rich interactive apps like mobile games then publish them to the App store as native apps with out writing a single line of code.
1767. emi-labs : At Emi Labs (YC '19) we are on a mission to increase frontline workers' access to professional opportunities by building the infrastructure for Frontline Workers (check our manifesto here: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/our-manifesto-building-infrastructure-frontline-workers-emi-labs/). As our first step, we are transforming the high-volume recruiting process of Frontline Workers to make it as simple, human, and fair as possible for both Candidates and Recruiters. Our product is a SaaS recruitment platform powered by AI that helps companies engage with candidates via text to drive faster and more efficient hiring processes. We are growing fast, well funded, and obsessed with making our mission a reality. Some of their customers include Walmart, Burger King, Starbucks, 7-Eleven, Danone, Imperfect Foods, and Heineken.
1768. twenty : Building a modern alternative to Salesforce: https://github.com/twentyhq/twenty
1769. welcome : Welcome lets you create virtual events that feel like an Apple Keynote.
1770. gigs-live : We are the Substack for millions of artists, musicians, indie producers, extreme sports athletes and video production companies. With us, creators have the freedom to choose flexible monetization plans such as PPV, micro-subscriptions, merch drops and many more. Creators choose us because our platform is available in 4K on Apple TV, Roku, Amazon Fire, Gaming consoles and more. Creators also get audience analytics and marketing to retain and acquire their audience. So take care of marketing, distribution and monetization for creators so they can focus on their craft and we take care of the rest.
1771. indinero : inDinero is on a mission to reinvent small business operations, helping our clients understand their finances like never before. By combining a full finance team of bookkeepers, accountants, and CPA’s, with real time accounting software, we provide startups and small businesses the knowledge they need to understand their company's financial health and make better decisions with their money. Tax experts work with accountants under one roof to prepare and file our clients'​ taxes and maximize tax savings. We're a growing company with big ambitions and big opportunities for internal mobility. If you’re interested in one of our open positions and looking for your next big professional adventure, drop us a line at jobs@indinero.com.
1772. fastfarma : FastFarma is the digital pharmacy for latam, that offers best price guaranteed and 30 minute delivery with a full service offering.
1773. argo : A platform for brands and creator to monetize their video entertainment more efficiently, build an engaged community and reward their fans.
1774. berilium : Berilium is a digital wealth management platform for investors to access actively managed portfolios of alternative strategies (i.e. private equity, private credit etc.).
1775. evolvere-biosciences : 🦠🤖 We use our computational models to make next-generation antibiotics that outcompete bacterial evolution and precisely target pathogenic bacteria, without harming good microbes or human cells. ☠️ Current antibiotics stop working because bacteria evolve resistance to them. This makes drug-resistant bacteria a looming global health crisis - already killing more people than malaria and AIDS and it is getting exponentially worse 📈. 🧬 Our approach leverages co-evolutionary protein-protein interaction datasets combined with AI to forecast bacterial mutations and create ‘future-proof’ antibiotics, addressing antibiotic resistance before it develops. This changes the game for how frequently society will need to make new antibiotics and how long our new antibiotics will be able to treat patients 👩‍⚕️. We are a team of biochemists and evolutionary biologists who met at the University of Oxford.
1776. iotflows-inc : IoTFlows provides comprehensive visibility and valuable insights into manufacturing shop floors. Leveraging artificial intelligence to monitor and analyze the performance of machines based on their vibration and acoustics data, we help manufacturers to identify issues and inefficiencies in the production process and make data-driven decisions to improve performance.
1777. curatle : Find products through real user recommendations and get all links and prices across all e-commerce stores. https://curatle.com
1778. propaya : Propaya uses AI to automate commercial lease abstractions and reviews. Propaya customers save 90% of lease review processing time and cost compared to before.
1779. birch-biosciences : Birch Biosciences engineers enzymes for plastic recycling using synthetic biology and machine learning. Our enzymes function as high performance “molecular scissors” that efficiently break down plastic polymers into chemical building blocks that can be used to manufacture high quality recycled plastic products. Today, plastic manufacturing is unsustainable and a major driver of climate change. Birch Biosciences is developing an economical end-to-end plastic recycling process that reduces carbon emissions by 70% and enables a circular plastic economy.
1780. minimum : Minimum lets you calculate, report on, and reduce the carbon emissions of your business, whether you're a corporate or an investment fund.
1781. basilica : 
1782. teachme : TeachMe creates educational games and apps. Our focus is on blending practice and play together in a way that helps drives student engagement and enjoyment of learning. Our suite of games and apps have been used by over 1,300,000 students answering 150 million questions and counting, pun intended. Available for free on the web, mobile and tablet devices our suite of games and apps are designed to work seamlessly in homes and classrooms. TeachMe products have won awards from the Silicon Valley Education Foundation and are in use in over 10000 schools.
1783. zeit-medical : Zeit Medical leverages the power of AI and wearable sensors to deliver peace of mind for those affected by stroke. Zeit’s smart headband immediately detects the onset of stroke and notifies 911. Each year more than 90% of the one million strokes in the US go untreated, resulting in life-long disability and exploding medical costs north of $100b. The lack of timely treatment is the result of delays in alerting the emergency services. More than 10 million Americans with an elevated stroke risk live with constant fear that a stroke may go unnoticed for hours, while they are asleep or alone. The company was founded by Orestis Vardoulis PhD a biomedical & mechanical engineer and expert in digital health (EPFL/Stanford) and Urs Naber MD a critical care physician (Dartmouth/Stanford). They have both seen the devastating effects of stroke in their families and came up with the idea of addressing this unmet clinical need during their Stanford Biodesign Innovation Fellowship.
1784. jeeves : Jeeves is an all-in-one corporate spend and expense management platform for businesses in global markets including North America, Latin America, Europe, and the UK. Cash, corporate cards, and cross-border payments all run on the Jeeves proprietary infrastructure which allows companies to spin up their finance function within minutes. Jeeves can handle multiple currencies for payback. More than 3,000 companies across the world trust Jeeves with their financial payments tack. Jeeves has raised $380 million from Andreessen Horowitz, CRV, GIC, Tencent, Silicon Valley Bank, Stanford University, and Y Combinator to fuel its international expansion. Our product platform covers the following: 1. Jeeves Pay: Do you need to send capital calls between US & LATAM? Need cross-border payments that arrive as soon as the same day? Transfer money internationally to over 150 countries at competitive FX rates with Jeeves Pay. Payments arrive as quickly as the same day between North America, South America, and Europe. Credit line options available depending on region. 2. Jeeves Cards: Equip your team with globally-accepted physical cards for in-person purchases. Ship cards overseas for free or create virtual cards in seconds for secure, online purchases. Prepaid & credit options available depending on region. 3. Expense Management: Collect receipts through the mobile app, review expenses in real time, and streamline global reporting capabilities - all at no additional cost. Benefits of the Jeeves Payments and Spend Management global platform include: -- Free built-in expense management tools -- No personal guarantees or contracts -- Unlimited cards and users for free -- No monthly fees or software fees -- Competitive cross-border payment pricing -- Spend and pay in your preferred currencies -- Business accepted in Brazil, Canada, Colombia, Mexico, the EU, the UK, and the US. Built for global companies. Loved by finance teams, including a large YC contingent. Join us today!
1785. powerdocs : Powerdocs is an AI-powered proposals creation platform for businesses, agencies, and freelancers. We help you create professional documents like proposals, quotes, and user requirement documents effortlessly, saving you hours of manual work. With a passion for automation, we’ve built the ultimate tool to simplify collaboration, streamline workflows, and let you focus on what truly matters—delivering exceptional results and winning clients.
1786. safetywing : At SafetyWing, we’re building a global social safety net for remote workers—simple health, insurance, and retirement products designed to replace national welfare systems.
1787. swif-ai : Secure and manage all your devices with Swif. Automate compliance, streamline onboarding and discover Shadow IT—all in one platform. --- Challenges Addressed * Fragmented device management across multiple operating systems and locations. * Time-consuming manual compliance checks and reporting for various regulatory standards. * Inefficient onboarding and offboarding processes for remote and global teams. * Lack of visibility into shadow IT and unauthorized SaaS application usage. Customer Benefits * Unified visibility and control over all organizational devices, regardless of operating system or location. * Significant time savings through automated compliance readiness checks and real-time reporting. * Enhanced security posture with the ability to instantly lock or wipe compromised devices remotely. * Reduced IT overhead by consolidating device management, access control, and compliance tools into a single platform.
1788. greentoe : Greentoe is a next generation e-commerce marketplace that enables consumers to set the price for the products they want to buy. Created to change the way people shop, Greentoe shakes up the traditional retail model by putting consumers in the driver's seat. They make an offer on a product and the site connects them to the retailers who are willing to accept the offer. The site benefits both consumers and retailers – shoppers can buy products at the lowest price available while retailers reduce inventory and acquire new customers.
1789. docker : Docker is the world’s leading software container platform. Developers use Docker to eliminate “works on my machine” problems when collaborating on code with co-workers. Operators use Docker to run and manage apps side-by-side in isolated containers to get better compute density. Enterprises use Docker to build agile software delivery pipelines to ship new features faster, more securely and with confidence for both Linux and Windows Server apps.
1790. orangewood-labs : Orangewood Labs makes the world's most affordable AI-powered industrial robotic arms for small businesses! Our robots can be programmed by just using natural language prompts and cost a fraction of human labor.
1791. biggerpicture : BiggerPicture is a B2B SaaS solution that automates the scheduling of pick-up and delivery times for trucking companies and warehouses. 75% of shipments are still scheduled over phone calls and emails.
1792. buoyant-aero : Buoyant Aero builds unmanned blimps that move middle-mile air freight at half the cost of a small plane. We're two MIT hardware engineers who've been friends for almost a decade, and we've built satellites and antennas at Astranis, Wafer, and OneWeb. So far, we’ve built and flown four airships - our most recent is 20 feet long and capable of speeds up to 35 miles per hour. We’ve also closed $5 million in LOIs and have two pilot programs planned. We're starting by improving air cargo in remote regions like Alaska and northern Canada, and will expand to move less-than-truckload shipments in low density parts of the world.
1793. basepilot : Basepilot builds AI coworkers that collaborate with humans to automate work across the browser. They learn from what you do and you can teach them new skills, just by demonstration. Companies using Basepilot save 30% of their time and resources per week, freeing up time for more high-value tasks. Basepilot is founded by Ken, who previously led a fintech-product to 3M users in <12 months, and Pascal, who worked on robotics & self-driving at Carnegie Mellon and Mercedes-Benz Research. Interested to try it out? Get started here: https://www.basepilot.com/ YC Launch: https://www.ycombinator.com/launches/KcS-basepilot-your-ai-employee-to-automate-repetitive-browser-work-in-minutes
1794. governgpt : For money managers to raise their next billion, they dedicate entire teams to spend days filling diligence questionnaires with recycled content. We do it in minutes using AI.
1795. perfekto : Over 1/3 of food is being thrown away and in Latin America 72% of it prior to the consumer stage. Mainly due to physical imperfections or surplus production, despite being fresh and edible. Perfekto offers a grocery subscription box with imperfect and surplus food, home-delivered. Thereby, consumers save time and money while reducing food waste. The founders are experienced leaders scaling startups & grocery operations. Anahí previously led the Uber Grocery initiative for Latam. Jan scaled Swiss FinTech Sonect to pre-Series B and to Mexico. Juan led Walmart's eCommerce logistics and operations in Mexico. By the end of 2022, Perfekto had: 🌱 rescued over 500,000kgs of food from being wasted 🚚 delivered over 60,000 orders 📈 grown 1,120% year-over-year 🥖 gone beyond just produce and now help rescue items like bread or packaged goods from companies like Heartbest Foods, Bové, Tuny - with major multinationals in the pipeline 💚 become a beloved brand with an NPS of 70 🫂 built an online community of over 20,000 people and several thousand homes receiving Perfekto boxes
1796. banabo : Banabo is the first Marketing Attribution OS with the mission of getting a company’s marketing waste to zero. We help companies achieve this goal by mapping a website visitor’s entire journey through a sale, and showcasing the true impact of each touchpoint. Accurate attribution previously wasn’t possible due to GDPR in the EU, CCPA in California, and the iOS 14 Privacy Changes. And with Google banning tracking cookies in 2023, we’ve built the first fully cookieless marketing attribution solution, using zero personal data.
1797. delegasi : Financial statements are definitely a hassle for business owners. Many accounting software are available, yet not everyone has the capability to operate them. Amidst this problem, Delegasi dares to provide a solution. As the first virtual financial manager in Indonesia, we assist SMB owners in putting together their financial statements and business analysis. By simply uploading receipts and bank statements, owners will receive their financial statements and business analyses with guaranteed accuracy, allowing them to make well informed financial decisions.
1798. clayboard : 
1799. openfoundry : OpenFoundry is an open source platform that helps engineers build, deploy, and scale their open source AI stack 10x faster. Ship your AI stack with just one line of code. You could think of us as an open source alternative to Hugging Face. Learn more and check out a demo of this in action in our Launch YC post: https://www.ycombinator.com/launches/KhY-openfoundry-developer-infrastructure-for-open-source-ai
1800. switchboard : Switchboard uses real-time data obtained by Switchboard devices installed on commercial vehicles to provide visibility and reporting on freight location, routing availability, and other related data important to manage freight movement across North America.
1801. origami-therapeutics-inc : Origami Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotech company developing novel protein degraders with potential to delay or halt disease progression by eliminating toxic proteins from the body. Our drug discovery platform leverages our proprietary human disease models developed to select the small molecules with the best chance of clinical success. Our first indication is Huntington’s disease, a debilitating, progressive and ultimately fatal disorder caused by a genetic mutation. We have already identified small molecules that reduce the toxic mutated protein, suppress mutant protein-induced toxicities in human disease neurons and get into the brain. We anticipate that this approach will be broadly applicable to traditionally “undruggable” targets in other neurological diseases.
1802. docsum : Docsum is a contract intelligence platform designed for legal and finance teams. Using AI, Docsum extracts critical data like renewal dates, obligations, and more into a searchable database. The platform is fully customizable with features like custom field reporting, alerts, and playbook-powered redlining. Getting started is simple—upload contracts or connect Docsum to tools like Google Drive, DocuSign, and more.
1803. sendoid : Sendoid is an on-demand peer to peer transfer system. It makes transferring any size file between two people as simple as clicking a link!
1804. circa : Circa is the event marketing platform built for demand gen and field marketing teams. We help sales and marketing teams work on events, everywhere and every way their customers gather.
1805. nash-2 : Nash enables finance teams to manage all their finance flows in one place and craft their money flow experiences globally. Our ledger-based operating system allows your borderless business to connect all your money accounts, accounting systems, payment service providers, treasury operations, spend management in one place. Our mission is to enable borderless commerce in Africa. We achieve this initially by providing your team with all the finance tools needed to build, scale, and grow your borderless business without the need for a costly and complex in-house infrastructure.
1806. membo : Membo is a next-day grocery delivery app for premium customers in Europe. Like PinDuoDuo Groceries in China, Membo is the fastest way to order your weekly groceries directly from local food producers. The convenience of supermarkets & 15-minute grocery apps comes at the expense of freshness: food that should be delivered fresh, gets bought in bulk and sits on warehouse shelves for days. To get the freshest produce, you need quick producer-to-end-customer delivery, not just quick warehouse-to-customer delivery. Membo lets you order food directly from hundreds of local food producers & organises delivery so you always get the freshest version of every product. Membo's CEO, Vahur Hansen, was an early engineer at TransferWise, and co-founder, Paula Kink, built her own healthtech startup. Launched in Dec 2020, we've grown 30% MoM for the past 8 months and have delivered over 4000 orders in Tallinn, Estonia.
1807. cocusocial : CocuSocial is a marketplace for culinary experience including cooking, baking and tasting classes that are hosted at restaurants and hotels. Our mission is to educate, entertain and connect people through unique culinary experience.
1808. squire-technologies : Squire is a booking and payment platform that connects people with great barbers worldwide. Squire makes it easy to discover and book the best barbers wherever you are, in just a few taps. Squire is also the premier management platform for barbershops. Using Squire, barbers are able to engage their customers, process bookings and payments and better market their business through Squire’s “barbershop discovery” capabilities. Fully integrated with a point of sale, inventory management and payroll systems, Squire is a one-stop solution for barbershop owners to efficiently operate their business. With headquarters in New York and a presence in major cities in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and Canada, Squire has quickly become a market leader in technology solutions for the barbershop industry worldwide. For more information, please visit getsquire.com or download the Squire iOS app from the App Store.
1809. boostly : Boostly uses behavioral-based marketing and gamified SMS-based experiences to get 10x greater consumer engagement for restaurants than traditional means leading to significant revenue boosts. Critically, Boostly also builds the audiences to engage with from scratch (bigger and faster than anyone else) by connecting all sources of consumer data available to the restaurant. Notably, this is all done while requiring as little as possible from busy restaurant operators, enabling this critical function of their business to remain hands-off via Boostly's dedicated experts.
1810. edurev : EduRev is like a Netflix for Education with a layer of social networking. We want to make the process of education and learning so good that you (and your kids) don’t feel the need to go to a school/college/coaching. EduRev stands for Education Revolution and we are looking to achieve nothing less. EduRev has over 7 million students and adds around 10 new users each minute. We are backed by the iconic American VC Y Combinator, Artiman Ventures and even angel investors like Anand Chandrashekaran, Austen Allred, Martin Basiri to name a few. We won the Best App award (for learning) by Google, mBillionth award by Bill and Melinda Gates, and even won Startup of the Year by TieCon. Android App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.edurev Website: http://edurev.in/ iOS App (beta): https://apps.apple.com/in/app/edurev/id1529835494
1811. tradeflow : TradeFlow is AI-powered settlement for financial securities. During her time in financial services, Taryn saw firsthand how inefficient and costly it is to settle trades. Historically, it’s been difficult to improve this process because it’s heavily reliant on manual emails, disparate systems, and inconsistently structured data. However, the advent of powerful AI technology allows us to unlock greater automation than ever before. TradeFlow empowers back offices to do more with less by offloading these time-intensive tasks to AI.
1812. million : Million is an APM that makes websites fast, automatically. We use AI to automatically find performance issues and write code to fix them.
1813. garage : Garage is a wholesale auto parts distributor in Africa where there are more than 2M retailers selling $25B of auto parts annually. We aggregate parts from the largest suppliers in the world and deliver directly to retailers for a profit. Africa will have the 2nd most vehicle owners in the world by 2050 at 400M vehicles, who will each spend over $1000 annually on vehicle parts, with retail shops 'powered by Garage' being the backbone of all these transactions.
1814. biocogniv : 
1815. mathdash : MathDash is an online live math-competition platform that gets students addicted to learning. Our target audience already spends thousands of hours doing math questions competitively, and we've *already* gotten the best of the best to switch to doing problems on our site - an average of 65 minutes a day among our 200 most active users, and a total of over 150,000 arithmetic questions solved in just the last week! Why? Because it is more thrilling and exciting to compete live, see yourself on a leaderboard, and improve your 'ELO' rating. We are USA Math Olympians, and have been the top power users on every single product marketed towards competitive math learners. What's missing is the math game that allows anyone at any level to play with math on demand and compete live at their level, whether it's in the back of an Uber or while training for a math competition.
1816. synsorybio : SynsoryBio is creating next generation, protein therapeutics that sense where they are in the body and only activate at diseased tissue. This technology platform has the potential to expand the therapeutic window of highly potent drugs and apply to many diseases such as cancer and autoimmune disorders.
1817. tambua-health : 
1818. alima : Alima is a supply chain tech company that simplifies how businesses procure fresh goods in Latin America. We help restaurants, CPG brands, and retailers plan their buying orders, ordering products, expense management, and logistics.
1819. adam : Adam is an AI CAD co-pilot for hardware design. It transforms plain text descriptions into parametric 3D models in seconds so engineering teams can ship 10x faster. Our mission is to eliminate the gap between engineering and reality so more great ideas come into existence.
1820. grai : Grai is open source version control for metadata. We can determine how database changes will affect deployed machine learning models, apis, and dashboards because we understand how data relates across systems which don’t otherwise talk to each other.
1821. stairs-financial : Stairs helps young Americans buy their first home. Our home search identifies homes based on their finances, and connects them to government grants, loans and tax breaks.
1822. macromoltek : Macromoltek: Revolutionizing antibody design. Description: Macromoltek, a computational de novo drug design company, rapidly produces accurate and credible antibody designs. We have built a proprietary platform that enables design against difficult targets inaccessible by traditional methods and have are already designing antibodies for large biopharmas and smaller biotechs.
1823. sunfolding : Sunfolding was founded in 2012 with headquarters in San Francisco, CA. Sunfolding designs, manufactures and sells balance of system products that offer cost and performance breakthroughs to stakeholders across the solar industry. Currently, Sunfolding’s main product offering is an advanced solar tracker, Sunfolding T29™ Horizontal Single Axis Tracker. Sunfolding’s executive team has collectively built and sold GWs of solar globally, successfully launching new solar products and technologies at leading solar companies including First Solar, SMA America, Kaco, and SunPower. The Sunfolding team is a blend of top technical talent with recognized industry leaders
1824. sown-to-grow : 
1825. gilgamesh-pharmaceuticals : Gilgamesh is a pioneering, clinical stage mental health science-focused biotechnology company. We have a disciplined focus on developing innovative new chemical entities (NCEs) leveraging a unique combination of medicinal chemistry, intellectual property strategy, neuroscience & neurobiology, and drug development expertise. We are an experienced team, with proven success in biotech exits and inventions.
1826. lalabox : 
1827. terra-api : Terra is an API that makes it easy for apps to connect to wearables
1828. riskangle : RiskAngle delivers fast, accurate summaries of unstructured medical records for insurance companies and law firms. Our AI-powered platform enables users to streamline underwriting, expedite claims processing, and prepare cases with confidence.
1829. the-breakaway : The Breakaway is a personal performance coach for cyclists, with the product, team, roadmap and vision to extend to be the mass market coaching platform for anyone tracking their performance. As more and more people realize that exercise is the key not only to personal performance, but to health and wellness, the inevitable future is that everyone will have an AI driven personal performance coach & companion in their pocket. The Breakaway will be that Coach.
1830. zeplin : Zeplin is an organized workspace to publish finalized designs, where the entire team can collaborate to ship beautiful products together. We were founded in 2014 and today we are honored to support 5+ million users from thousands of product teams including Apple, Starbucks, Salesforce, Amazon, Microsoft, Audi and many more. We’re a Y Combinator startup, also backed by amazing investors like Elad Gil, Mike Maples, Kevin Hale. We’re a distributed crew with offices in San Francisco, Istanbul and London. We're Hiring! Please apply directly on Zeplin's job site: https://zpl.io/jobs
1831. kable : Kable makes it easy for developers to add usage-based billing, invoicing, analytics, and authentication to their API products with just three lines of code. We help API companies bring their products to market faster, more securely, and with flexible billing tools that help businesses scale. We provide everything needed to create a delightful experience for developer communities and to optimize revenue while giving time back to engineering teams to focus on what matters most.
1832. pair-ai : Pair AI is Shopify for knowledge products. We empower creators, educators, and experts to launch addicting mobile-first video courses and provide AI-assisted coaching services at scale. Our platform is a one-stop shop to seamlessly monetize what you know! We make learning as fun and engaging as watching a TikTok.
1833. capture : Capture is your operating system for life – a place to keep track of what matters, think through difficult concepts, and plan around important goals. We're building a better way to tame the sheer volume of information and ideas we all come across throughout the day.
1834. cinder-2 : From content moderation to responsible AI, Cinder empowers businesses to orchestrate and automate digital safety at scale. Cinder was founded to help organizations foster safe online spaces for everyone. Our platform empowers companies from start-ups to enterprises with end-to-end capabilities to mitigate harm, investigate abuse, and produce trustworthy and reliable AI outcomes. Building your world-class company means keeping your users and community safe—Cinder unlocks faster growth by making safety easy. We work with customers in every industry from frontier AI labs to e-commerce and social media.
1835. multis : We build accounting & treasury management software solutions for web3 organizations. Get accurate financial statements and automate accounting tasks across any wallets. Say goodbye to crypto hassles and focus on growing your business.
1836. finvest : Purchase, manage, and sell US Treasury Bills seamlessly. Get direct access to government-backed treasury bills along with the flexibility of selling anytime.
1837. milk-video : Milk Video is a video marketing platform that simplifies short-form video creation for marketers. Anyone can collect, clip, and ship video content such as customer testimonials, employee testimonials, and thought pieces in minutes.
1838. uberduck : Uberduck makes tools high-quality audiovisual content creation tools for product companies, brands, agencies, and musicians. We offer audio generation, image generation, and video generation functionality, including enterprise workflow APIs to power end-to-end video creation experiences. Vocal samples and full songs produced by our text-to-speech, text-to-singing, text-to-rapping, lyric video generation, and voice conversion technologies power: - AI remixes and original songs for musicians ranging from hobbyists to the largest DJs in the world. - Personalized musical content in marketing campaigns. - A variety of music-related consumer experiences built on top of our APIs.
1839. kubesail : KubeSail is the home hosting company. We make it easy to take back your privacy, fix the internet, and de-google all at once: host apps at home! Plug in a spare PC or buy our custom home-hosting hardware https://pibox.io, install apps like PhotoPrism, NocoDB, and Minecraft, and enjoy complete ownership of your data. We build everything you need to make hosting at home viable and fun. For companies, we make it easy to deploy software on-demand for your customers (either in the cloud, or by physically shipping them pre-configured hardware) to your users. Companies like ChatWoot use KubeSail Platform to deploy instances of their software dynamically, the moment a user pays.
1840. bland-ai : 
1841. prembly : We are making it possible for digital businesses to easily verify individuals and businesses within seconds across Emerging Markets.
1842. drivingforce : Drivingforce is building “Rippling for trucking”, an all-in-one workforce management solution for the trucking industry. We consolidate multiple back office functions such as compliance, payroll, and recruiting, so trucking fleets can manage their entire workforce in one place. Check us out on TikTok! tiktok.com/@truckingnewbie
1843. happenstance : Happenstance is people search powered by AI. For example, you ask Happenstance "find people who work on notification systems at big companies", and it comes back with two who follow you on Twitter and five who are connected to your partners. That kind of thing you just can't do on LinkedIn.
1844. archform : Archform is teeth aligner software startup that lets orthodontists create, design and 3D print aligners within their own offices. The idea is to provide orthodontists with a way to better compete against some direct-to-consumer teeth aligner startups and cut down on the cost of Invisalign.
1845. instakin : 
1846. aclu : The ACLU is our nation's guardian of liberty, working daily in courts, legislatures and communities to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties that the Constitution and laws of the United States guarantee everyone in this country. The ACLU is a nonprofit and nonpartisan organization that has grown from a roomful of civil liberties activists in 1920 to an organization of more than 500,000 members and supporters today. We handle nearly 6,000 court cases annually from our offices in almost every state. The ACLU is supported by annual dues and contributions from its members, plus grants from private foundations and individuals. We do not receive any government funding. We protect: Your First Amendment rights - freedom of speech, association and assembly; freedom of the press, and freedom of religion. Your right to equal protection under the law - protection against unlawful discrimination. Your right to due process - fair treatment by the government whenever the loss of your liberty or property is at stake. Your right to privacy - freedom from unwarranted government intrusion into your personal and private affairs. The ACLU also works to extend rights to segments of our population that have traditionally been denied their rights, including people of color; women; lesbians, gay men, bisexuals and transgender people; prisoners; and people with disabilities.
1847. treasury-prime : Founded in 2017, Treasury Prime is an embedded banking software platform connecting enterprise companies to a vast marketplace of banks and product partners to launch next-gen payment ecosystems on their platform. Our banking API offers the quickest, most secure way for fintechs and banks to partner, integrate and build modern financial products and increase revenue streams. We power enterprise-class embedded banking solutions for a range of complex services including money transfer, risk mitigation and integration with bank infrastructure. It's these leading-edge capabilities that helped the company to win Best Banking-as-a-Service Platform from Tearsheet in 2021 and 2022. The company was also named to CB Insights’ annual 2021 Fintech 250 list.
1848. carbon-12-labs : 
1849. terrasoft : 
1850. pelm : Pelm is building an API that allows companies to access their user's energy data from utilities. Using Pelm, you can query hourly electricity usage or transfer service for a specific property. Instead of building clunky integrations with hundreds of utilities across the U.S., you only need to integrate with one seamless API to start harnessing energy data. Our platform will provide the infrastructure for a whole new wave of climate focused technology companies to flourish. As sustainability-oriented efforts like automated demand response, home electrification, or solar installations (to name a few) become more popular, they will need certain tools to succeed. We at Pelm hope our universal API will help our world reduce carbon emissions, meet climate goals, and create a more sustainable life for everyone.
1851. thndr : Thndr is a platform that allows MENA individuals to invest in Stocks, Gold and Fixed Income
1852. medmonk : Medmonk is a technology platform that helps fight non-adherence. It enables pharmacists to provide financial assistance to patients who are unable to pay for their medications. We partner with pharmaceutical companies, pharmacies, physicians, and health plans to improve outcomes by promoting access to chronic therapy. Medmonk is based on the premise that it's in everyone's best interest for medications to be used regardless of price. Patients get the care they need, insurers are protected against larger claims, and pharmaceutical companies and pharmacies get maximum use of their medications.
1853. opencurriculum : A library of community curated teaching and learning materials, free to the entire world. Come collaborate; we can teach better together. OpenCurriculum, Inc. is a California based technology nonprofit organization with a mission to bring openness and innovation to K12 education around the world
1854. female-invest : Female Invest is on a mission to close the financial gender gap. By creating a safe space and a trusted source for knowledge, we’re democratising investing for everyone globally. We’ve supported more than half a million women across 100 countries with our services. This makes us the world's largest univers combining financial learning and community. Currently, we make $5.2 million in ARR from approx. 43.000 paying users. 92% of our users are on a yearly plan, and average churn is 2.4% in the last 3 months. Our unit economics are best in class and consistently improving . We’ve raised approximately $12 million in seed funding from prominent investors across the EU and US and are soon ready to raise our Series A, where we are aiming to close an additional $10-15 million. The company operates within FinTech, EdTech and Investing. In 2022, Female Invest did its first acquisition by acquiring the Danish investing platform, GAIA Technologies A/S. The company’s headquarter is located in Copenhagen and has a smaller office in London. Download our app to get the full experience.
1855. uiflow : At Uiflow we are building a platform that allows for developers and designers to build production applications at the speed of thought. You can imagine it as a cross between Unity and Figma
1856. pulse-active-stations-network : We are Pulse Active Stations Network and are setting up a network of connected IOT-enabled “Make in India” Smart Health Machines known as the Pulse Active Stations Network. We have conducted over 600,000 Health Check-ups and through our Pulse Active Station Smart Health Machines, we conduct mass screening for NCD risk factors such as Obesity, Hypertension and other factors to empower people to take informed decisions for theirs and their family's health.
1857. volk-wireless : 
1858. vendy : Vendy is a marketplace on WhatsApp. We provide customized WhatsApp shops for sellers, allowing buyers to browse inventory, place orders with automated invoicing, and make payments, all within WhatsApp. No app download or sign-up required.
1859. fractional : 
1860. vena-medical : Pre-clinical results published in the Journal of Neuro-Interventional Surgery. Technology presented at the World Live Neurovascular Conference. Technology selected as a top 3 finalist for Innovator of the Year by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons. Raised a Series A to fund commercialization (FDA Clearance, Health Canada, ISO 13485, First-in-man and early revenue).
1861. sero : 
1862. flowbo-inc : Flowbo provides financing to online revenue-generating companies including creators and eCommerce. We package assets into investable products so creators can raise money. For example, we package receivables into factoring products.
1863. skyscrape : Skyscrape makes temperature responsive fabrics for a new type of clothing. These fabrics literally change shape in response to a change in temperature: the fabrics become thicker and insulate more as the temperature drops, and they become thinner and insulate less as the temperature rises again. This "intelligent insulation" has no wires or sensors, and the fabric's shape-changing behavior comes from a natural materials response. Skyscrape’s fabrics offer expanded thermal comfort across a wider temperature range than conventional clothing. Creating textiles that could change shape with changing temperatures required years of laboratory work by an interdisciplinary team of scientists, engineers, designers, and weavers, designing and refining machines and processes to make yarns and fabrics that could adapt to the environment. Skyscrape's first market entry was with Ralph Lauren in the 2022 Team USA Winter Olympics Opening Ceremony.
1864. autone : Today, Retailers have to make 1000s of complex operational decisions every day, all impacting their bottom line.This problem is being currently tackled with excel or legacy systems, both no longer fit for purpose. We make a platform that lets retailers make optimal decisions, easily and quickly. We ingest a retailer's data, generate recommendations and then allow users to approve a given action. Our platform covers topics including product pricing, inventory replenishment and re-ordering with the goal of covering all operational processes.
1865. standard-ai : Standard Cognition is an artificial intelligence platform that allows buyers to grab what they want without having to go to a cashier.
1866. promakhos-therapeutics : We are building a platform of bacterial molecules to awaken our body’s innate ability to control inflammation and heal. Our first indication is Crohn’s Disease, which affects over 500,000 Americans at an annual cost of $10B. After Crohn's disease, we are going for type 1 Diabetes and Multiple Sclerosis.
1867. upgraded : Upgraded helps retailers and carriers sell devices on subscription. Subscribers pay monthly and can upgrade anytime. Smartphones, laptops, tablets and more. Creating and managing these programs involves lender integrations, residual value management and building great software — resellers don’t know how to do this. Upgraded provides the infrastructure to launch immediately, keep customers loyal and cut replacement cycles in half. Device financing is a $541B market globally. US carrier financing grew from $13B to $51B in the last four years. Upgraded partners include Apple, Dixons/Elkjøp, MediaMarkt and Vodafone. Upgraded was founded in 2016. Investors include Y Combinator and GRIL Ventures. Upgraded is led by CEO John Erik Metcalf and CTO Ziad Sawalha.
1868. prelay : Most revenue teams have difficulty getting the right team members and internal stakeholders involved in a deal at the right time which creates waste of resources, delays deals, and causes deal slippage. With Prelay's team selling software, coordination and communication is all organized within one purpose-built platform integrated with your other key software instead of spread across multiple disjointed collaboration tools without any centralized tracking, oversight, or learnings. Not only are there fewer headaches for sales reps and their technical counterparts, but sales, presales, and revenue operations leaders have more insight into where and how resources are being used as well as how effective they are at surpassing their goals. Prelay enables your revenue team and its internal stakeholders to coordinate and communicate effectively so you can drive more revenue faster as a team. Prelay is also backed by top-tier investors including funds like Y Combinator, SV Angel, Liquid2 Ventures and executives from Box, Dropbox, Palantir, SAP, and Microsoft.
1869. sfa-therapeutics-inc : SFA Therapeutics is creating therapeutically-tailored oral drugs that regulate the immune system; with a focus on autoimmune diseases and cancers that originate from chronic inflammation. There are over 300 million patients who suffer from autoimmune diseases. Our treatment is designed to block the root cause of many of these chronic inflammatory diseases, with safe oral drugs. We have strong clinical data from a phase 1b clinical trial in psoriasis, and human data in pancreatic cancer, uveitis and NASH. we have a total of 9 drugs in our pipeline and 15 patents.
1870. line-build : Line.Build is software for contractors to seamlessly find and apply for financing and rebates for energy efficiency upgrades. With buildings accounting for almost 40% of US GHG emissions, retrofitting for efficiency is essential to reduce emissions and load on the grid, but expensive. Over $80B of rebates, incentives and financing is available but hyper-fragmented across utilities, federal funds, grants, and green lending programs. Line consolidates disparate sources of funds and simplifies finding and applying for incentives and financing. Line is designed to be user-friendly, available in multiple languages, and accessible on both web and mobile devices. Additionally, it provides an API that seamlessly integrates with existing quoting tools, enhancing efficiency and convenience.
1871. neosync : Neosync is an open-source platform that allows you to create anonymized or synthetic data and sync it across all environments for testing and machine learning. Companies in highly regulated industries such as FinTech, HealthTech, InsureTech and those with sensitive data can use Neosync to create production-like data to use for debugging and building features in lower-level environments without the security and privacy risk of using production data.
1872. osmind : Osmind is the premier platform for clinicians and researchers advancing new life-saving mental health treatments. Today, mental health disorders are one of the leading causes of death worldwide, especially among young adults, and are tied to shortening lifespans. While there have been developments in new psychiatric medications since the first FDA approval in 1954, today there is a growing movement among clinicians, patients, and researchers who are recognizing the need to accelerate new science. The Osmind treatment platform is the first and only solution that solves specific challenges faced by neuropsychiatric clinics, spanning general psychiatry and interventional psychiatry (transcranial magnetic stimulation, ketamine, SPRAVATO®, psychedelic medicine, electroconvulsive therapy). The core electronic health record (EHR) technology is precisely developed for interventional treatment workflows and designed to support a strong therapeutic alliance, including journaling tools and assistance with health plan reimbursement, which is a significant access hurdle for millions of patients. Research from our platform is already helping to set new standards for mental health interventions. For example, in the largest published real-world analysis of ketamine infusion therapy for depression, we teamed up with Stanford University School of Medicine to share findings in the Journal of Affective Disorders (March 2022). We have multiple ongoing research studies leveraging our proprietary real-world data, including an even larger ketamine analysis leveraging machine learning to predict treatment outcomes. Osmind is a San Francisco–based public benefit corporation led by scientists, technologists, and psychiatrists. We are backed by top investors including DFJ Growth, General Catalyst, Future Ventures, Tiger Global, and Y Combinator.
1873. infer : 
1874. camelan : Camlist is the super app for pets, a video-first, mobile-only, social platform that allows pet breeders and pet parents to interact, transact, and care for their furry friends all under one roof.
1875. revyl : Revyl is an observability platform that automatically catches and triages bugs before they reach production.
1876. redbrick-ai : RedBrick AI's mission is to accelerate the adoption of artificial intelligence in radiology by building world-class software infrastructure. Currently, we are focused on helping radiology AI teams prepare high-quality datasets to train their algorithms. Radiology data, such as CT and X-ray scans, is an incredibly important source of truth in healthcare delivery. In fact, over 90% of all healthcare data is medical imagery! However, the global radiology workforce is overburdened. In the UK, for example, only 2% of radiology departments are able to fulfill their reporting requirements, and this trend is reflected worldwide. The acute state of radiology, coupled with the abundance of data, makes the use of AI in radiology a prime candidate. In 2022, $5.6 billion was invested in the development of AI in healthcare! However, a key hindrance to further adoption is the lack of sophisticated tools to build and deploy AI algorithms in clinical environments. This is the problem we’re focused on at RedBrick AI We're a team based out of Bangalore India, and USA. We're backed by leading institutional investors like Y Combinator and Peak XV (formerly Sequoia Capital India).
1877. mederva-health : Mederva Health extends the doctor's clinic by providing medically-prescribed lifestyle interventions between visits. Our mobile app and care team help reduce risk factors for diseases like diabetes, heart disease, and strokes. We enhance patient outcomes, save time, and boost revenue at no added cost so doctors can provide better care for their patients.
1878. leap-club : Leapclub.in is bringing farmer’s markets online. With us customers can order fresh, healthy, pesticide & preservative free food from carefully vetted producers and get it delivered within 12 hours of harvesting or baking. This gives families a wide range of assortment to shop from. We believe at Leap Club we can leverage technology to bring fresh healthy groceries and guide consumers to make choices that are good for them and the planet.
1879. tally-2 : Tally is building AI agents for accounting firms. Tally agents operate autonomously in a firm’s existing systems, automating repetitive work across accounting, tax, and audit, helping teams be more efficient and focus their efforts on higher risk, more complex work.
1880. oway : Oway is a rideshare freight platform that uses machine learning to automatically coordinate and sell unused space in trucks to SMBs at a 50% discount for lightning-fast shipping. Every year, nearly 50% all truck space goes unused annually in the almost $1T US trucking industry. On the other hand, SMBs represent 44% of the US GDP and are historically forced to deal with high freight rates and friction due to their small size compared to enterprise businesses. With trucking being a hyper-fragmented market (90%+ of US trucking companies are small family businesses), we decided to build an ecosystem that takes all of this inefficiency and turns it into something that could fundamentally transform the livelihoods of businesses and drivers alike. Oway is designed to be simple (you can place an order in 30 seconds) and scale with your business. Our ML rideshare protocol now allows businesses to ship freight affordably and faster than ever before. We also improve the survivability of independent truckers by maximizing their revenue when they’re already on the road - and it’s great for the environment too. 🍃
1881. hylight : HyLight builds and operates autonomous airships for long range monitoring. We focus on detecting methane leaks on pipelines and defects on power lines. Our innovation, the HyLighter, is a crossover between drone and airship technology. Like a drone, it is easily controllable and transportable. And, like an airship, it is extremely energy-efficient, enabling it to fly for up to 10 hours at slow speed (22mph) for optimal data collection which represents a range of 220miles. Today, energy infrastructure operators struggle with conducting inspections that are simultaneously: massive and precise. HyLight offers a solution to precisely detect issues on the infrastructure at an industrial scale, and all of this without emitting GHGs. We are 3 co-founders experienced in hardware and energy companies with Masters in Mechanical Engineering, Computer Science and Business from the best Engineering and Business School in France. We have developed 5 different flying aircrafts and signed 5 pilots programs with major energy infrastructure operators. We also have LOIs worth over $3.5M.
1882. fullstack-academy : Fullstack Academy's JavaScript-driven curriculum immerses you in the latest web technologies including Node.js, AngularJS and MongoDB. You bring the energy, curiosity and dedication — we'll provide a world-class school for becoming an expert software developer. New to programming or looking for a more flexible schedule? Check out our range of part-time classes. From beginner courses like JavaScript Jumpstart and Introduction to Front-End Development, to the in-depth Flex Immersive, Fullstack's courses will teach you how to think like an engineer.
1883. escher-reality : The most advanced Augmented Reality API.
1884. penguin-ai : Penguin AI help B2B companies identify the exact PEOPLE and companies visiting their site and auto-sequences them in a personalized way; book more demos without scaling headcount.
1885. mini-exhibitions : 
1886. lifeat : LifeAt is your space to focus and complete tasks. Our mission is to help the 100M+ knowledge workers get into their flow state with video content and task management. Our customers get through their daily tasks twice as fast while feeling great at the end of the day! Well funded by Meta (Facebook), Line, Y Combinator, Goodwater, and other top VCs. Loved by over 1M+ users across the world and shared by over 500K+ followers across Tiktok/Instagram/Twitter. Come shape the future of focus and productivity!
1887. remade : Remade uses AI to scale hyper-personalized video generation for marketplaces. Our first customer, Scentbird, a midmarket fragrance marketplace uses Remade to create engaging TikTok ad hooks. We are a team of 4 Cambridge AI hackers with publications in CVPR, the largest Computer Vision conference, and the Lancet Journal, the most respected medical journal globally. Our ARR grew 83% last week from 18k to 33k with an additional 17k pilot revenue with Rappi and eFood, which will take us to a 650k contracted ARR by EoQ. We are building out a research-arm to develop proprietary tech, fusing recommendation algorithms with video models to deliver hyper-personalised videos that increase conversion.
1888. monosi : Monosi is an extensible data observability platform that ensures teams achieve data reliability.
1889. chillabit : On Chillabit, students share everything from interesting thoughts and questions to hilarious stories. It’s a collection of what’s important to the people around you.
1890. ever-loved : Ever Loved is a one-stop-shop to help families plan better funerals with less stress. Ever Loved makes it easy to come up with the funds needed ($9,000 on average), find the best vendors and products, and communicate with the community of the deceased to bring people together, both online and offline.
1891. integrated-reasoning : Integrated Reasoning builds efficient computer processors that are tailored to the memory access patterns of Karp's 21 NP-complete problems. We’re making it 100x - 10,000x faster to perform computations like scheduling airline pilots or optimizing packing layouts for shipping containers.
1892. convore-2 : Universal conversation API for developers
1893. snapboard : 
1894. aesculatech : AesculaTech believes in building better lives through smart chemistry. We design custom smart materials for a range of biomedical, commercial, and industrial applications. Our platform technology, AesculaGel offers adaptive response to a wide range of stimuli and can be tailor-made for biocompatibility, material strength, and a range of other attributes. Founded by one of MIT's 35 under 35 Innovators, AesculaTech is the shared vision of scientists, engineers, and medical experts. Our cornerstone product, Humidifeye, is an ophthalmic platform to treat dry eye disease. Dry eye affects more than 25 million Americans and the global treatment market is projected higher than $6 Billion within the next decade. Our thermally responsive, form-fitting materials are suitable for sustained yet reversible occlusion across a range of treatment times. In contrast to existing technologies, our product will not extrude, or cause discomfort as it adapts to patients. Though Humidifeye is not yet FDA approved, expect to hear about it soon! In coordination with partners across several sectors, we have a variety of groundbreaking technologies in the works that live up to our vision. This work has already been recognized. AesculaTech was named a Rosenman Innovator, received a National Science Foundation I-Corps grant, was a finalist in the 2019 Octane High Tech Awards, and is a graduate of both the Y Combinator and TMCx accelerator programs. In short, Y-Combinator was only the beginning.
1895. pashi : 
1896. memora-health : Memora Health helps healthcare organizations digitize and automate complex care workflows, making them simple for patients and clinicians to navigate. Memora ingests existing data on clinical workflows, converts them into cohesive messaging journeys that guide patients through their care episodes, and automates the completion of simple follow-up tasks in the EMR. Memora's platform reduces care team notifications by nearly 40%, has a >70 average NPS, and has improved clinical outcomes across various populations. Contact us at info@memorahealth.com
1897. dubjoy : Dubjoy makes it easy for anyone to translate and voice-over any video. Businesses that produce or host a lot of video content use Dubjoy to grow faster and go global. People who speak at least 2 languages are able to earn some extra cash or create a job for themselves.
1898. brainhi : BrainHi is an automated receptionist for local businesses. Local businesses are in search of new clients and revenue, yet 25% of phone calls to local businesses are missed and 80% of potential clients don’t leave voicemails. BrainHi uses AI to create an automated receptionist that answers missed calls 24/7 and chats with clients to schedule appointments and answer admin questions, resulting in more business. Cofounders Emmanuel and Israel started BrainHi after Hurricane Maria made communicating with doctors offices nearly impossible on the island of Puerto Rico.
1899. gocomm : GoComm, a Y-Combinator backed company, is a real-time communications and task management system for distributed workforces. Similar to what Yammer has done for office workers, we are doing for mobile teams, with an initial target market of the companies, venue operators and individuals who manage complex events of various sizes. GoComm brings to these workers a modern, integrated, task management and communications system that works immediately with their current mobile devices.
1900. boost-biomes : 
1901. palitronica-inc : Palitronica builds and deploys cutting-edge solutions to defend critical physical infrastructure and its supply chain. By using side-channel information from endpoints, Palitronica provides a safe attack detection capability retrofittable to critical systems.
1902. quik : QUIK is building the operating system for business in LATAM. On one side, powering users on QUIK Super App, where they can order foods, groceries and goods and get them on 30 minutes, while paying using any currency they want and logistics enterally handled by QUIK team. On the other side, powering business with QUIK Pro, giving them a complete set of software to manage their business and online presence, with their own website, inventory management, logistics solutions, all in perfect sync with QUIK Super App, increasing sales and customer satisfaction.
1903. spotangels : SpotAngels is Waze for parking. It helps drivers find free parking, protect themselves from parking tickets and get garage deals.
1904. ilumadata : We’re retool for data pipelines. We allow less-technical people to edit data pipelines, with easy to use tools.
1905. alude : 
1906. letterdrop : Target leads interested in you, competitors, and problems you solve. Attract more of them through automated nurture and thought leadership.
1907. hype-and-vice : 
1908. predxion-bio : PreDxion Bio is working on a rapid saliva-based antigen test for the detection of SARS-CoV-2 S-protein in asymptomatic and presymptomatic patients. Our technology is uniquely capable of being scaled to 10's of millions of tests of days using semiconductor fab processes, a scale of testing necessary to better inform public health officials and policymakers and enable contact tracing at scale. PreDxion Bio's origins are in critical care: our original technology is a rapid, near real-time cytokine and biomarker detection platform to monitor the immune response of critically-ill patients. This technology leverages a novel sensor platform we spun out of the University of Michigan. PreDxion Bio has received FDA Breakthrough Device designation and partnered with top pharmcos to monitor the immune response following CAR-T therapy and predict the development of cytokine release syndrome and neurological AEs, and for use in guiding precision medicine approaches in critical care.
1909. mindset-health : Mindset Health is on a mission to empower a billion people to manage their health by unlocking the power of their mind. We're building a digitally native ‘pharma’ company that allows us to quickly turn hypnotherapy research into highly effective, consumer-friendly mobile apps. Mindset Health makes hypnotherapy accessible for people suffering from irritable bowel syndrome, menopause, chronic pain, depression, and more - who no longer have to pay thousands of dollars and wait months for in-person support. By digitizing a previously stigmatized therapeutic tool, we make it accessible and help it achieve the same efficient scalability, consistency, instant availability, and ease-of-use of drugs but with the feedback loop of an app.
1910. evidently-ai : We are building an open-source standard to monitor ML models in production. The tool is used by enterprise data science teams to operate their models reliably and detect and resolve issues.
1911. nextera-robotics : Nextera Robotics is an AI-native Robotics and Industrial Automation company founded at MIT.
1912. tutorspree : From passing a prereq to landing your dream job, Wyzant connects people who need to know with the experts who can teach them. With more than 80,000 tutors qualified in 300+ subjects, we offer the best way to get the help you need, when you need it most. Book your 1-to-1 lesson with an expert today and start moving forward.
1913. trident-bioscience : Trident Bioscience builds tools to expedite the discovery and optimization of useful proteins. Our technology first applies predictive models of protein structure and function to generate sets of potentially active protein sequences. We then apply our state-of-the-art sequence optimization algorithm to design gene libraries capable of testing these candidates extremely quickly and affordably. By combining these technologies, we're closing the design-build-test loop of protein optimization and cutting the total cycle time to help bring synthetic proteins to market faster than ever before.
1914. belvo : We are Belvo, a financial API platform for Latam that enables any company or developer to access and interpret their end-users' financial information, through one easy-to-use API. Think Plaid for Latam. Our vision is to power the next generation of financial services in Latam by enabling more inclusive, efficient and empowering offerings through tech and data. Latam is a very exciting and dynamic place to be right now and a great place to build infrastructure for the next generation of financial products for a huge market.
1915. co-dev : Skip the complexity, high costs, and limitations of no-code tools—our AI-powered platform lets you create scalable, modern full-stack apps using natural language, all while keeping full ownership of your code.
1916. loop-support : We build pre-employment assessments that accurately simulate the work your applicants will actually be doing on-the-job.
1917. aella : Aella is a diversified credit payments platform with over 2 million users, offering a raft of financial services to underbanked users across Africa with a focus on lending. We are at the forefront of financial inclusion and empowerment of the underbanked. Aella’s Debt-as-a-service model ensures that agents across Africa are able to have quick and easy access to funding through its partnerships with leading agency banks across the continent.
1918. treble-ai : We help companies build and scale marketing campaigns through WhatsApp, reaching their customers anywhere in the world with engaging conversations. With our platform, businesses can create and send conversations massively to users and get analytics to improve their campaign performance over time, increasing conversion in every stage of the funnel.
1919. tress : Tress is a social community app to discover and share beautiful hairstyles. Many ladies are crazy about their hair. They change their hairstyles often, a lot and radically. Whether they have natural, relaxed, texlaxed or dreads, women are always on the lookout for new and beautiful hairstyle inspiration. Equally important to many ladies is information about a preferred hairstyle. Information such as the name and location of the salon that had the hair done, the name of the hair-piece/extension or hair-product used on the hair and also the cost of having the hairstyle done at the salon. Women can admit to walking up to complete strangers to ask the detailed questions about hairstyles or stalk accounts on social media for the above information. Tress is a fun, simple and easy to use app that addresses the hairstyle needs of women. It is a social community mobile app for women to find hairstyle inspiration. Women additionally have access to important information about each hairstyle. Information such as the name of the extension/weave used, name of hair-care product, name and location of salon /stylist and price range of the hairstyle. Users on the app can create a profile and upload their beautiful hairstyles with information such as the salon/stylist name, name of hairpiece/product used and price range for the hairstyle. A user can follow other users and have other users following them thus creating a vibrant community. Users can have people liking and commenting on their post, increasing engagement and creating a vibrant hair community. Over time women will have a database of all their hairstyles done over a period of time and can always refer back for
1920. asim : aSim lets you turn your mobile ideas into reality instantly. Go from prompt > test > remix > repeat, and you'll have the next TikTok in no time.
1921. svbtle : A publishing platform designed to work the same way your brain does.
1922. bujeti : Bujeti is a corporate cards and expenses management platform for African businesses. We help African businesses issue corporate cards to their employees, control and manage their expenses and keep track of their finances.
1923. awari : We're replacing masters degrees in Brazil with cohort-based courses for top talent to advance their careers in tech. The programs incorporate hands-on learning with sessions led by experts from high-profile companies like Rappi, Nubank, Apple, Google, and more.
1924. clickpass : Clickpass provides single-sign-on services to enter into various websites by using a single password. Clickpass is headquartered in San Francisco, California
1925. fini : Resolve 70% of customer questions with your new AI teammate - helping you save costs, and keep your customer happy. Fini securely integrates with your knowledgebase, and gives you an AI agent, ready 24/7 to solve even the thorniest customer queries on Zendesk, Slack, Discord and more
1926. codeparrot-ai : CodeParrot is a developer first design to code tool. It uses AI to convert components from Figma files / screenshots to production-ready code.
1927. webcake : 
1928. pagerduty : PagerDuty is an operations performance platform delivering visibility and actionable intelligence across the entire incident lifecycle. Their SaaS-based solution empowers over 10,000 small, mid-size and enterprise global customers such as Comcast, eHarmony, Slack and Lululemon with the insight to intelligently respond to critical disruptions for exceptional customer experience. PagerDuty was founded to deliver a new and innovative approach to increase business response and efficiency. When brand reputation depends on customer satisfaction, PagerDuty arms businesses with the insight to proactively manage incidents and events that may impact customers across their IT environment.
1929. weave : As the pace of innovation continues, it is growing more difficult to see the value of technology. Often meaningful information is inaccessible at the time it would be most beneficial. Weave threads together data, software and communication platforms to build stronger relationships at the point of contact by making valuable information instantly available in simple and intuitive formats. This delivers improved productivity, better collaboration and greater insights making it easier to meet the needs of patients and to build better business and clinical outcomes.
1930. momentus : Momentus is a space infrastructure services company. As a first mover, Momentus will offer the most basic, foundational services that enable businesses to flourish in space. With their experienced team of aerospace, propulsion, and robotics engineers, Momentus makes and operates cost-effective and energy-efficient in-space transport and service vehicles that utilize water plasma propulsion technology. Momentus has service agreements in place with numerous private satellite companies, government agencies, and research organizations.
1931. craze : Craze makes it simple for founders and growing teams in India to manage, run and automate all of payroll, HR and IT in one place. Our integrated system serves as the single source of truth for all of admin, from onboarding to offboarding and everything in between. With Craze, businesses in India: - Have a system of record for people, employee and entity data that automates onboarding and offboarding - Run payroll in one click - Ensure payroll compliance - Manage leaves, time and attendance seamlessly synced with payroll - Automate and manage expenses, devices, benefits and lots more Entrepreneurs start businesses to build something people want and change the world. Craze eliminates disjointed point solutions, multiple spreadsheets and coordination headaches and saves time, money and unnecessary stress so founders can focus on what matters most — growing their business.
1932. complif : Complif automates compliance processes for financial entities, including KYC/KYB, AML, risk profiling, documentation management and regulatory reporting.
1933. spherecast : Spherecast is an AI-powered inventory management software for omni-channel e-commerce brands, supporting supply chain managers with demand planning, inventory optimization, and supplier communication. Spherecast tells brands when to reorder, how much, which warehouse to stock, and at what cost. It then autonomously executes these decisions by communicating with suppliers and manufacturers. Spherecast helps avoid stockouts and overstock, improve inventory visibility, and save time.
1934. aleph-solutions-alephee : Aleph helps companies with thousands of products like General Motors and Bosch increase their revenue in Latin America by listing their inventory on large e-commerce sites like Mercado Libre and Amazon. Our customers sell over U$D 4M dollars’ worth of product every month using our software. Many brands struggle with the shift to sell on marketplaces. They want resellers to be involved in their online sales strategies, but both still need to maintain 10,000 products, prices and inventory up-to-date across digital channels and Marketplaces do not provide tools to help brands and resellers on the journey. Aleph is the best way for brands and wholesalers to replicate their offline network of resellers online. With Aleph, Brands create high-quality product catalogs to share with their resellers. Now, any seller can access their product catalogue and sell on marketplaces.
1935. sinai : SINAI Technologies is an enterprise software that helps carbon-intensive companies to price carbon emissions, manage carbon taxes, and reduce emissions in the most cost-effective way.
1936. lightwell : 
1937. zazos : Zazos is the no-code HR platform. We allow startups to set up unique workspaces that centralize information and tasks for employees. For example, companies can create a home page where people can view stock options, ask for time off, and see everyone's profiles. On Zazos, anyone can build and share people management apps, without knowing how to code. As companies grow, the lack of customization of current software forces Heads of HR to buy multiple disconnected tools, allocate engineers to build and maintain people-related projects or use spreadsheets.
1938. munily : There are three key roles among a community: The security Guard The resident The administrator When a visitor tries to access a designated community, the security guard must require an ID previously to allow entry. He proceeds to communicate with a specific resident through a intercom which is almost always broken or under repair, delaying the visitor’s entry to the compound WE come in, by interconnecting the security guard with the resident and the administrators through an app and a tablet we provide to make all the process of access pretty smooth and easy. When a visitor comes in, the security guard must only: Take a picture of its ID, using the tablet, Select the apartment, so the resident receives a pop up notification through which they can deny or approve the access. Last but not least, An even easier way has been developed by Munily which utilizes QR codes generated through Whatsapp. Which visitors just show and security guards scan to allow entry.
1939. demand-curve : Demand Curve gives founders and marketers what they need to help grow their companies. Through courses, playbooks, conferences, masterclasses, and much more. It also has one of the largest communities and newsletters for founders and growth marketers. Bell Curve, our sister marketing agency, has helped some of the top companies including Pilot, Microsoft, Framer, Stacker, Techcrunch, Ancestry, Invoice2go, and Feedly.
1940. machine-zone : Live data powers everything we do—from our global, multiplayer mobile games to our mobile ad buying to our live data ecosystem, Satori. MZ is creating new futures for people, enterprises, cities, and countries. The possibilities are endless.
1941. estoca : Estoca sells warehouse management and logistics software to e-commerce in Latam. Unlike the US, in Latam most of these companies control their own warehouse and need software to increase delivery speed and reduce operational costs.
1942. fazeshift : Fazeshift is an AI agent for automating Accounts Receivable. What used to take teams of people and hours of manual work can now be fully automated with Fazeshift. Caitlin and Timmy met while getting their MBA at Harvard. After graduating, they started a B2B marketing software startup, which is where they first experienced the pain of this process. The problem stems from fragmented data across software platforms like QuickBooks, Stripe, NetSuite, DocuSign, HubSpot, and Salesforce. Fazeshift’s infrastructure connects the data across these software platforms and uses LLMs to automate the previously manual workflow.
1943. botcity : The rise of Robotic Process Automation offered a promise that any business user can build automations. We were skeptical about that and decided to talk to users of platforms such as UiPath, Automation Anywhere, and Blueprism, all of them low-code. Talking to users, we discovered that unique automations incorporating exclusive company processes and intelligence that have the potential to transform the business must be implemented by tech teams. It's not about mimicking employees performing isolated tasks. It's about designing a new workflow, integrated with the company's technological stack and systems. There are just 100.000 RPA skilled users compared to 22M developers globally that can become RPA coders on Day 1 with BotCity. We believe that all automation efforts in a single platform is more efficient. We started delivering the best RPA experience for tech teams, but we envision creating the perfect place to also manage crawlers, integrations, scrappers, data operations. Every company automation in a single place. As companies are becoming tech first and automation will be a basic KPI, we are building to be the all-in-one automation ops management.
1944. ginkgo-bioworks : Ginkgo Bioworks is the organism company. We design custom organisms for customers across multiple markets. We build our foundries to scale the process of organism engineering using software and hardware automation. Organism engineers at Ginkgo learn from nature to develop new organisms that replace technology with biology.
1945. compup : With over 500M white-collared job offers rolled out annually, companies find it very difficult to be certain about what to offer. Companies rely on old compensation survey data, which are updated only once every year. The salary expectations of candidates in the market change significantly on a quarterly basis (~7% statistically) in the startup ecosystem. This results in more than 50% of qualified/selected candidates not joining the company due to expectation mismatch. CompUp is an API-driven compensation benchmarking tool. We integrate with your existing HR/payroll systems, removing the need for manual data entry, and also getting updated in real-time. CompUp provides the most accurate real-time compensation benchmarking data which helps you make the right offer to the candidate. The platform allows you to make better compensation decisions such as annual increments, candidate offers using internal and external data. This has the following advantages : - All the process of compensation data submission is automatic and needs no manual intervention - Since the job market is dynamic in nature, the offers made on CompUp's real-time benchmarks would be the most efficient - The presentation of the offer to the candidate makes it look more appealing and explanatory to the candidate
1946. hellosign : We believe that the way business gets done today is broken. That’s why we’re dedicated to simplifying work for everyone - from small startups to large enterprise companies. Millions of individuals and over 65,000 companies world-wide trust the HelloSign platform – which includes eSignature, digital workflow and electronic fax solutions – to automate and manage their most important business transactions. With a sharp focus on user experience and a lust for innovation, HelloSign is on a mission to Simplify Work.
1947. conduit : Dock Scheduling, Yard Management, Driver Sign In, and more. We make software for warehouses and logistics teams to save time and money managing docks, gates, and yards. With dock, gate, and yard management modules, each module can easily be added on or used on its own. This makes Conduit the perfect fit for all types of operations. Best of all, if you have multiple facilities then Conduit can be configured differently at each facility, but provide you with a comprehensive view of your entire network. We are proud to be able to help supply chains of all sizes optimize their labor, increase throughput, and prepare for the work ahead.
1948. noora-health : Noora health trains patient families with high impact health skills that improve outcomes and save lives.
1949. akute-health : Akute Health makes an electronic medical record (EMR) system & digital infrastructure tools used by digital health companies to track patients. Our EMR is a web app used daily by clinical teams at digital health companies similar to Ro, Hims, and One Medical. In 2015, I was diagnosed with cancer and spent 9 months in the hospital. While in the hospital, I built an app to track my own records. I needed something that was simple to use and allowed me to easily track & trend different types of data. I later turned that app into a full medical record system. We now have hundreds of customers and over 50k active patient records. We are building the de facto EMR for digital health companies.
1950. chesscademy : Chesscademy makes learning chess fun and easy. With a wide range of instructive courses and thousands of tactical puzzles, users of all levels can learn from a personalized curriculum that's tailored to their strengths and weaknesses. Chesscademy grew to a community of over 1 million users from 190 countries.
1951. nexgent : We can provide you with the skills, experience and knowledge you need to skyrocket through the ranks of the IT industry faster than anyone even if you have zero experience right now. Our job-ready training program (which is based on our thorough experience working at Cisco, Dimension Data, Arista, etc. and as IT instructors for the U.S. Air Force) and and in-person certification will help you master the most in-demand networking skills in 2-5 months so that you can break into a tech job or get promoted. Additionally, we provide 1:1 live mentorship from some of the best engineers in the world, skills assessment, career guidance and a proven system that can help you prioritize and execute your career plans confidently. Apply to our program here: http://zerotoengineer.com and/or learn more here: http://help.nexgent.com
1952. iollo : iollo is an at-home metabolomics test to extend your healthy lifespan. We measure more than 500 biomarkers in blood and use AI to automatically match you with dietary, behavioral, and therapeutic interventions.
1953. circumvent : 
1954. alphaflow : Access. Transparency. Technology. Founded in 2015, AlphaFlow is a technology-driven investment manager providing professionally managed portfolios of real estate loans. We make the $75 billion fix-and-flip industry accessible to institutional investors. With the recent launch of our new platform, TITAN, we’ve opened up our institutional platform to smaller investors. As a result of leading with technology and data analytics AlphaFlow is able to provide transparency & speed at a rate our competitors can’t. We partner with non-bank real estate lenders who provide 6-12 month bridge loans on single-family and small multifamily properties by purchasing their loans thereby helping them grow their businesses. AlphaFlow uses software to streamline and automate today’s manual workflow and our engineering team is constantly developing simple and elegant solutions to further automate a manually intensive industry.
1955. shone : 
1956. edshelf : Our mission is to make a positive impact in the world by making education more efficient and effective. We strive to enable educators to do what they do best, teach and inspire. edshelf is a directory of websites, mobile apps, and desktop programs that are rated & reviewed by parents & educators, for parents & educators. We help you find the right educational tools for your specific needs.
1957. unicornly : Unicorn.ly is an angel investing platform to help angels collaborate to source, evaluate, mentor, and invest in the most promising startups.
1958. x3-builders : Aecore is a technology-enabled commercial contractor focused on vertical integration and agile project delivery through automation. Our in-house design team, project managers and software engineers guide clients through the process from conceptual design to completion. We will ensure you are getting the best possible pricing by leveraging our network of contractors and material suppliers.
1959. arcimus : Arcimus uses LLMs to automate insurance premium audits for high quality, fast, and cheap audits. Today, Insurance premium auditors spend hours a day manually analyzing a company’s records and compiling their data into a final report.
1960. infield : Infield helps software teams keep their open source dependencies up to date. We’re automating away the toilsome work of reading changelogs, assessing risk, and upgrading packages so that software teams can focus on shipping features. We’re a small team of repeat founders passionate about making open source easier to use.
1961. sparkgift : SparkGift is a Y Combinator backed technology startup that makes it easy to give investments as gifts. The founders came together with a common vision that it should be as easy to give someone an investment in the future, as it is to give someone a retail gift card. SparkGift supports small dollar gifts and fractional shares, so you can give someone a $20 investment in Apple or a Vanguard index fund. SparkGift is creating products that make investing simple, enjoyable and accessible to the masses. Our mission is to use gifts to create new savers & investors at scale.
1962. eleven-learning : 
1963. springwit : 
1964. laika : The top of mind for pets, the “one-stop shop” market in LATAM. A pet ecosystem that combines On and offline platform where pet owners will find a solution for all their needs, including products & services. Currently, to meet the needs of their pets, people must go to different places and platforms. To find products, they go to one place; for services, they go to several others; and for healthcare, a few more. In Colombia, in average, a person must visit or consult more than seven places per year to meet the needs of their pets. We built a digital platform where users don’t have to go anywhere else to meet said needs. With two main sections; products and services. In the products section, we have more than 4,000 references (among which you can find most of the brands of food, snacks, medicines, accessories and others). In the services section, we have more than 17 services, all the healthcare, beauty and entertainment services. All of the above delivered straight to your home and with the flexibility of choosing the date and time on and at which you wish to receive the order, including same-day deliveries for the main cities and accepting all payment methods, both online and cash on delivery.
1965. keeper : Keeper makes software to help bookkeepers manage their clients' back-office. We write the same kind of software that venture-backed bookkeepers like Pilot write internally, but instead of doing bookkeeping, we sell that software to the 1.5M bookkeepers across the US.
1966. priceonomics : Priceonomics is the price guide for everything. Price guides are helpful for buying and selling used things. How much should I spend on this used bicycle on Craigslist? How much should I sell my stereo system for on eBay? Is this used Vespa a good deal, or what?
1967. paymobil : Paymobil is a global bank account replacement using stablecoins. We make it possible to send money to any email or phone number in the world in seconds. We have taken all the friction out of the current terrible UX with crypto p2p payments and made it better than regular consumer products like Venmo and Square Cash. Unlike those it works across borders and can launch globally due to our non-custodial architecture.
1968. cardinal : Cardinal is an opinionated feature backlog. It pulls in your customer feedback, CRM data, and task management issues and uses AI to assess which customers want which features, how important is it for them, and how much are they worth
1969. revoy : SixWheel makes diesel trucks hybrid-electric in 3 minutes at zero upfront cost while delivering $25k more profit per truck annually.
1970. convoy-2 : We are building Convoy for engineering teams that value efficiency, especially during this bear market. You might already know about API Gateways. Convoy is exactly that for webhooks. Engineering teams today use Convoy to securely send, receive and manage millions of webhooks reliably with robust support for retries, rate limiting, static IPs, circuit breaking, rolling secrets and more. We know both receiving and sending webhooks can become a lot of work to manage, we have built a product to enable engineers to build and ship highly scalable stripe-like webhooks infrastructure.
1971. coffeeai : Send targeted emails and LinkedIn messages that are as unique as the person receiving it. At scale. 📈 2x your response rates Every aspect of your outbound email - from the pitch and opener to the call-to-action - is personalized. Our AI uses trillions of bytes of data to create a deep understanding of your prospects to brew up the perfect message. 📨 Fully tailored in 10 seconds Still spending 10 minutes researching a prospect? 🥱 CoffeeAI does your research for you - we use tons of different sources of information to create an email that feels unique and thought out. Let us do the boring stuff so you can focus on building relationships - Or grab a coffee ☕
1972. conductor-quantum : Quantum computers will allow humanity to understand the world at its most fundamental level, enabling the acceleration of drug discovery and the development of new materials. Currently, quantum engineers spend days, sometimes weeks, manually getting their silicon chips to operational conditions to realize two qubits. A qubit is the information-carrying unit of a quantum computer, analogous to a bit in a classical computer. We need billions of qubits to make a useful quantum computer. Therefore, automation software will be vital to realizing this goal. Conductor Quantum will develop AI software to remove the human from the loop, enable the scaling of silicon quantum technology and build a silicon-based quantum computer.
1973. torch : Torch is a learning and development company that helps employers manage and measure employee growth at scale. Customers can draw from a pool of over 6000 mentors and coaches to pair with high performers and new managers at any layer of the organization. Torch was founded by a team of executive coaches and experienced psychologists who are passionate about helping all professionals perform at their highest level. Torch is on a mission to empower managers to thrive in high growth, high-performance cultures by building the self-awareness and skills required to manage and lead effectively.
1974. blitzllama : Blitzllama makes it easy for product development teams to rapidly collect user feedback at scale. With only a simple SDK integration, teams can ask questions to their users within product journeys and get highly contextual answers in minutes. This empowers product teams to ship products that address users' real problems that increase user retention, engagement and reduce churn.
1975. mezli : At Mezli, we're building "auto-kitchens", fully autonomous shipping-container restaurants that serve great, affordable meals for takeout and delivery. While at Stanford, the three of us got fed up with having to either cook every day or spend $10 or more for healthy options like Chipotle, Sweetgreen, etc. So, we decided to democratize access to healthy, convenient food by building Mezli.
1976. synder : Synder is an easy accounting platform focused on e-commerce. It connects all sales platforms (like Shopify, Stripe, Amazon or Etsy) into one ecosystem, providing businesses with consolidated cash flow, automated accounting, and inventory management making Synder a single source of truth of the correct analytics, accounting and tax filing.
1977. erudifi : ErudiFi is a mission-driven technology company focused on expanding access to financial services for students. Operating as Danacita in Indonesia and Bukas in the Philippines, ErudiFi provides students a smarter way to pay for education and helps them build credit history. By providing financial inclusion to underserved students across the region, we believe we can drive generational transformation and build a better tomorrow.
1978. flytenow : Go flying with local pilots. Thousands of private pilots fly every day with empty seats in their planes. We connect you with them so you can join in their same day, round trip adventures! Whether it be a common destination, lunch at an airport restaurant, or another day trip, Flytenow makes it possible to get off the ground and go on an adventure.
1979. jasmine-energy : Jasmine makes the buying and selling of renewable energy assets easy, accessible, and transparent.
1980. submittable : Submittable is a growing social impact platform used by thousands of companies, governments, and philanthropic organizations to manage their social impact programs and maximize their impact. Submittable has helped big and small organizations worldwide run 134,000 programs and collect nearly 22 million applications to date, and is backed by Accel-KKR, Next Coast Ventures, True Ventures, Next Frontier Capital, StepStone Group and a few other amazing investors.
1981. zestful : Rally Tennis is the best way to compete in leagues, find practice partners and improve your tennis game - all within a simple mobile app designed to help you play more tennis.
1982. chaldal : Chaldal.com is an online shop based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. It is a service rooted on the idea that shopping for necessities should not be a burden. At Chaldal, we believe that time is valuable to our fellow Dhaka residents, and that they should not have to waste hours in traffic, brave the weather and wait in line just to buy some eggs – which is why we deliver everything you need right at your door-step and at no additional cost! Chaldal is a work in progress, and we hope to get better over time. We are firm believers in using technology to improve Bangladesh, and we will continue to invest all our effort in pushing the boundaries of technology in this country.
1983. merlin-ai : Merlin is an AI-powered ERP for construction companies. We provide construction companies with a single, AI-powered platform to manage their entire business operations. Our platform unifies project management, materials management, finance, estimating, and CRM—traditionally scattered across multiple systems—into one cohesive solution. For the first time, construction firms can automate and oversee every aspect of their projects in a single, intuitive system. Today, construction companies pay for 8-17 different tools - that we eliminate the need for. We reduce - Manual work by 60% - Cut software costs by $10,000 monthly - Complete projects 3x faster. Why Now? We're witnessing a perfect storm of factors: decades of stagnation in traditional ERP systems, a multi-billion-dollar industry built on misaligned incentives, and the transformative potential of AI. This confluence creates a rare cyclical opportunity for market upheaval. The last major shift in this space occurred in the 1990s with the advent of digital systems, and now, 30 years later, we're on the cusp of another seismic change. Customers are crying out for innovation and as AI reshapes the landscape, early customer signals indicate an eagerness for smarter, more efficient systems. It's a unique window of opportunity that opens perhaps once in a multi-decade chance to redefine an entire industry's operational backbone. Team: KS, a BITS Pilani grad and successful startup co-founder, and Ayantika, an IIT alumni and tech expert, bring extensive coding and product development expertise together bringing about over a decade of technical expertise. Sneha ( that’s me), with over a decade of experience in supply chain management and lean manufacturing within the construction industry, has lived the pain of using ERPs in this industry.
1984. pasito : Pasito drives participation in all benefits programs (HSA plans, supplemental medical, voluntary insurance, and retirement accounts) with intelligent decision support, segmented communications, and personalized AI support. The disjointed benefits market is hard for most to understand. We leverage advanced algorithms and data to simplify and personalize the experience for each individual, helping each member of the team to take advantage of their benefits package year-round.
1985. hypahub : HypaHub is a Cloud-Based Bioinformatics and AI Platform. It is the first HIPAA-compliant Bioinformatics SaaS that runs natively on users' clouds, providing both operation- and price-transparency. Our product is a one-stop shop to access complex technologies designed for scientists building data applications or performing data analytics to extract insights. It automates the creation and manages the operation of computing resources, eliminating the need for enterprises to set up and maintain a high-end R&D cloud infrastructure.
1986. asher-bio : Asher Bio is a biotechnology company developing precisely targeted immunotherapies for cancer and other diseases. Our cis-targeting platform aims to enable selective activation of specific immune cell types, addressing the inherent limitations of otherwise pleiotropic immunotherapies that act on multiple cell types. Our approach has the potential to precisely direct different immune mediators against a range of target immune cell-types and create best-in-class immunotherapies in cancer, autoimmune and infectious diseases. Asher Bio is backed by Third Rock Ventures and is located in South San Francisco.
1987. clau : We are the real estate super app for Mexico combining a marketplace with over 20,000 properties, a crm for brokers, financial services including a mortgage brokerage, renovations and the leading data layer for residential real estate in the country.
1988. admyral : Admyral builds AI Agents to automate operations for the 143,000 commercial real estate brokers in the US. Our first product is an agentic lead generation tool for commercial real estate brokers. We take a property address and use AI Agents to find the owner's contact details. Our deep agentic search beats the industry standard of 40% and is improving daily.
1989. next-tech : Next Tech is an infrastructure and analytics solutions provider dedicated to connecting the dots between the many divisions of the software industry. Our mission is to make it easier than ever to get a highly skilled job in tech, create better software, and build bigger software companies. We provide a variety of products built atop our secure, lightning fast custom computing environments. Hundreds of thousands of people have used hands-on learning experiences, SaaS customer acquisition tools, and raw on-demand computing resources powered by our infrastructure.
1990. wild-moose : Wild Moose automatically kicks off any root-cause investigation to improve MTTR. Our AI triages issues, analyzes impact, and suggests next steps - all before human intervention is needed.
1991. odys-aviation : Odys Aviation (formerly Craft Aero) builds vertical take-off and landing aircraft for major airlines. We cut travel time in half on the world’s busiest routes by using city helipads and local airports. The company founders are electric propulsion and automotive manufacturing experts who have spent their careers electrifying transportation systems at Virgin Hyperloop, GoogleX, Volvo, and Fisker Automotive. We’ve won two USAF Agility Prime contracts, have pre-orders and options for more than 1,000 aircraft.
1992. teclada : Teclada is a powerful web-based terminal built for teams and loved by developers. With Teclada, users can: ‣ Enjoy advanced features like visual autocomplete and AI integration - all in their browser ‣ Access their computers from anywhere ‣ Collaborate seamlessly with multiple users in real-time Teclada simplifies remote access by: ‣ Allowing multiple users to simultaneously view, edit, and execute commands by sharing terminals ‣ Transforming plain English into advanced command sequences quickly and accurately with AI-powered assistance ‣ Providing web-based access control with role-based permissions and sharing by email address, making access management secure and effortless Teclada works with any browser and is firewall-friendly, allowing for secure connections to remote computers even when they are behind firewalls or a NAT. Users can keep their sessions intact and uninterrupted, even if they disconnect or switch devices, with the ability to run multiple sessions at once, each with different layouts. Teclada is the future of remote access and collaboration, making it easier for teams to work together, no matter where they are.
1993. relevium-medical : Relevium Medical is developing an injectable gel for knee osteoarthritis. Approximately half the population will be diagnosed with this pain and progressive disease. Right now, patients have to undergo not only repeat injections to control their pain, but also have to take strong oral medications. Because the disease is progressive and only gets worse over time, many patients end up on highly addictive, high-dose opioids. To date, we have secured $3.7 million in non dilutive funding and completed preclinical testing. We demonstrated that our drug is safe, selectively blocks nerves that transmit pain, and provides pain relief that lasts four times as long. Insurance currently pays $770 per six-monthly treatment for knee osteoarthritis. With 5 million patients in the US, this represents a $7.7 Bn market opportunity. This platform biotherapeutic can also be used to treat other joints affects by osteoarthritis such as the hip and ankle, where the same problems exist in treatment care.
1994. pigeon-2 : Pigeon is a relationship based technology platform that facilitates the creation and management of loans between friends, family, loved ones, and anyone who trusts one another. By providing smarter ways for people to mix money with their relationships, Pigeon seeks to empower individuals to borrow and lend money with the people they trust.
1995. hightouch : Hightouch is the leading Data Activation platform, powered by Reverse ETL. Sync customer data from your warehouse into the tools your business teams rely on.
1996. gogograndparent : GoGoGrandparent is a virtual retirement community that offers rides, meals, medication, groceries, home maintenance & community for older adults living at home. All services are accessible via regular phone call (no special technology required) and all service providers are vetted & screened. All requests are monitored for greater than 99% reliability, many of our clients rely on us to live years longer in their home.
1997. rescale : Rescale is a cloud-based platform for computational engineering and R&D, that empowers engineers and researchers to accelerate discovery, testing, and optimization. We democratize access to the latest technologies that drive greater efficiency and competitiveness, including high performance computing, simulation, modeling, AI/ML, and digital twins. The majority of industry leaders worldwide use Rescale as the backbone of R&D, connecting the digital thread of new product innovation to develop products that enrich humanity, from autonomous vehicles to drug discovery. Rescale customers include 7 of the top 10 automotive companies and 3 of the top 6 life science companies. Rescale’s full-stack, open platform automates systems, data, and workflows into a user-centric experience, so customers can focus on innovation. Choose from 1000+ pre-installed applications for multiphysics simulation and AI/ML-assisted design exploration, including commercial, open-source, and custom software. We offer the largest global network of hyperscale and specialty cloud infrastructure to leverage the latest CPU, GPU, and other specialized architectures. Rescale is enterprise-ready to enable any size organization to achieve their digital transformation goals–with unified management that gives IT teams full visibility and control of hybrid-cloud operations. Rescale’s intelligent automation gives customers flexibility to improve performance and reduce costs of computing, while our enhanced security and compliance ensures industry-leading standards are met from end to end. Getting started is simple, flexible, and free to try. Our team of experts is ready to help you achieve your most ambitious engineering goals – schedule a demo today. Join us and help us build products that change the world: www.rescale.com/careers
1998. atomic : With our API any company that holds consumer deposits (e.g. savings apps) can easily embed professionally managed investment accounts into their services.
1999. plumter : We're providing payment rails to help African merchants and consumers easily pay their suppliers abroad.
2000. volopay : Volopay is a modern spend management platform that saves companies time and money by giving visibility & control to every aspect of business spending. With Volopay, finance and accounting teams can control expense requests and approvals, make bill payments (domestic/cross-border), manage company cards, and reconcile all accounting on one platform. Volopay completely eliminates the need for expense reports and reimbursements while giving everyone in the company a card to use. We worked in an offshore dev centre in the past and it took 2 months to get our reimbursements and 4 weeks to make any purchase as there was just one corporate card for the entire company and clunky bill payments solutions offered by the banks. Among our customers are Reddoorz (OYO of South East Asia), Dathena (biggest data security co in Singapore) and Beam (APAC’s leading micro-mobility player).
2001. myria : Myria is a private community and concierge for off-market goods & services — the things you can't Google. Ultra-high net worth individuals spend $390 billion per year ($1.3 million each) on lifestyle, but they still struggle to find everything they want. Why? Because the best of any category — homes, boats, restaurant reservations — the best stuff is never listed online. Likewise, the best people don’t need the internet to find a new client or job. The best is always off-market. Myria is the Off-Marketplace. Myria helps off-market sellers reach the nicest and wealthiest buyers. In turn, we help the world’s most successful people access the best of everything, give back, and get the most out of life. If it’s off-market, it’s on Myria!
2002. the-essential : The Essential is e-commerce 2.0. What we do We make and sell the single best version of all your essentials, at the best price possible. How we do it We're not an "everything store."We sell only the essentials, we're members-only and we only sell our own brand. We cut out the middlemen, the brands, the physical stores and the markups — to make products cost a lot less, all while paying the producer more. Why we do it To add meaning to people’s lives through products they use and love, made by people who know and care, with stories that matter, and means that are honest.
2003. inspectmind-ai : InspectMind AI is changing the game for people who build and design buildings by making it super easy to do their paperwork. Our tool uses AI to quickly turn videos and photos from construction sites into detailed, accurate and well formatted reports. What used to take days of typing and organizing now takes just minutes. With our app, workers can spend less time at their desks and more time doing the important stuff on site.
2004. answergrid : AnswerGrid is an AI-powered enterprise search platform purpose-built for consultants to leverage their firm’s institutional knowledge.
2005. beu-delivery : beU delivery is an on-demand food delivery service in Africa. We offer a great selection of local restaurants and door-to-door food delivery that allows the customer to have their favorite food from the comfort of their home or office. We are the #1 food delivery service in Ethiopia, deliver at significantly cheaper rate than our peers, making food delivery affordable for the mass. We plan to expand our services to new markets and eventually become the super app of Africa.
2006. taxgpt : TaxGPT AI co-pilot for accountants and tax professionals increases tax firm's productivity and profitability by 10x by automating tax research, client communication, onboarding flows and secure document collection.
2007. shopular : Shopular is changing the way people use their mobile phones to shop. Available on iPhone and Android, the innovative mobile app notifies users of personalized sales and coupons when they are near a store or mall. Shopular is the highest rated app in its category and ranked by Time Magazine among the 50 best iPhone apps of 2013. Shopular is founded by engineers from Google, Shopkick and Loopt . We are backed by Sequoia Capital and Y Combinator and headquartered in downtown Redwood City, minutes from Cal Train.
2008. toko : Toko helps English learners in East Asia achieve speaking fluency. Through our mobile app, learners engage in short, realistic conversations with an AI and receive feedback on their grammar. With over 500 topics, learners can practice real-world scenarios ranging from small talk to workplace discussions. Toko offers a low-pressure environment to help learners build up their confidence. We make language fluency accessible to everyone - not just those with the means to meet 1:1 with a tutor. In Taiwan (our first market), Toko is ranked top 3 in the App Store for Education!
2009. lollipuff : Lollipuff is the only online auction site that pre-screens each and every item to guarantee the authenticity of its high-end, pre-owned designer apparel and accessories. Buyers can be confident they're getting the real deal, and sellers never have to worry about listing their luxury pieces alongside counterfeits. Combining the buyer security of an upscale boutique with the amazing prices of an online auction, Lollipuff is the go-to site for authentic, affordable and on-trend designer fashion.
2010. gale : Gale makes getting a visa suck less. We’re disrupting the $50B immigration services market, starting with US H-1Bs. We've simplified the visa application process to a web form, streamlined compliance, and can integrate with HR systems - saving teams time, money and headaches. By using AI and automation we enable our lawyers to maintain quality but be 3x as efficient. This allows us to deliver a superior user experience, decrease costs and reduce visa turn-around times, giving us an advantage over traditional law firms.
2011. qulture-rocks : Qulture.Rocks makes people management, OKR management, and culture management software for some of the world's most innovative companies, backed by the likes of Founders Fund, Blackstone, Sequoia, and Tiger Global. Our suite of products encompasses 1:1s, engagement surveys, performance reviews, OKRs/goals, ongoing feedback, and peer to peer recognition, and integrates seamlessly with your existing software (including Slack). We also help our customers design their processes, which is of special help for startups and scaleups implementing these practices for the first time.
2012. parallel-universe : Parallel Universe, a Y-Combinator startup, helps developers utilize the most out of their hardware. With a server side stack developed for easy concurrency programming, you can ditch the extra servers and write simple multi-threaded code.
2013. mixrank : MixRank processes petabytes of data every month from web crawls, Google Play Store, Apple App Store, social media, and dozens of other sources. We have hundreds of customers using our data products including Google, Amazon, Facebook, Intel, and Adobe, across industries Sales, Marketing, Finance, and Security.
2014. shift-labs : Shift Labs makes medical devices that place technology and design on equal footing to create affordable solutions. We emphasize simplicity and create devices that serve the fastest growing healthcare markets in the world. We believe that every person in the world deserves quality healthcare -- whether they are receiving care in the home, in an outpatient infusion center, or in an emerging market. We're a for-profit company committed to doing well, and doing good. We believe Simple Saves Lives. ___ In true startup fashion, we have a strategy that emphasizes early revenue. So check out our first product DripAssist, a low-cost IV fluid monitor and alarm. Get precision monitoring of blood transfusions or fluid delivery at a fraction of the cost of an infusion pump. Purchase at http://www.shiftlabs.com/purchase-dripassist
2015. swapbox : Send and receive packages with Swapbox # Receive packages with Swapbox # Prevent missed deliveries with Swapbox. We give you control over your packages — no more missed delivery notices or stolen packages. Shop online and ship packages to a Swapbox. We'll notify you via email and/or text message with the pickup details when they arrive. Learn more: swapbox.com/faq Receiving deliveries video: https://vimeo.com/76379214 # Send packages with Swapbox # Take anything that you want to ship to your local Swapbox, no planning ahead necessary. Enter a few details about where your item is being shipped and how fast you want it there. Place your item in the Swapbox (It doesn't even need to be packaged!), and Swapbox will take care of the rest. Swapbox ships via UPS, USPS or FedEx. Swapbox is the fastest, most convenient way to ship anything. Learn more: swapbox.com/shipping Shipping video: https://vimeo.com/97379917
2016. earbits : Google AdWords for music. Allowing bands and labels to bid for airtime and have their music streamed to qualified audience.
2017. goodybag : Goodybag helps you find catering for your office. Easily search restaurants and have food delivered to your next meeting. For Restaurants and Caterers: Goodybag lists your catering menu with no startup or monthly fees. You set your own delivery fees and zones. For Businesses: Goodybag is an easy, time-saving way for you to explore and order food from restaurants around town for your employees.
2018. jupiter : 
2019. callisto : Callisto is a nonprofit tech startup that detects serial sexual offenders and connects survivors with support. Callisto's online system launched in 2015, and is currently available on over 40 college campuses. In 2020, we launched a new offering that combines our unique matching escrow with legal services, ensuring that eventually every survivor in the country will be able to safely coordinate action and share information with other victims of the same perpetrator.
2020. scribe : Scribe is an AI-Powered Sales Assistant for your inside sales team, that you can hire in <10 minutes. Scribe magically finds the best prospects, writes highly personalized emails, handles objections and schedules demos with pre-qualified leads. To put it into perspective, our customers have been able to get 3X the number of qualified meetings for 50% of the cost, and your SDRs can now focus on only the warmest leads. Scribe is backed by Y Combinator and other elite Silicon Valley investors and is fundamentally transforming sales.
2021. axiom-ai : Axiom.ai is building a no-code browser automation tool. This lets anyone automate repetitive work by recording clicking and typing actions in their browser. We think the market has huge potential - companies like UiPath built $10 billion+ businesses by automating processes on the desktop - an industry now known as Robotic Process Automation (RPA). We think RPA has a lot more potential outside the Enterprise. Axiom is on its way to being the industry-standard RPA tool for the browser. It now ranks alongside Selenium - the historical industry standard - as the top result when searching for ‘Browser Automation’ on Google, and is the top-result on Chrome’s extension store.
2022. suplias : Suplias helps FMCG manufacturers in Africa receive payments and finance inventory purchases of their distributors using a mobile app called Obtainly. We launched in Nigeria, where we have been growing revenue by 32% month over month for the last 11 months Our founding team has a combined 25+ years of experience in supply chain and ecommerce having worked for Procter & Gamble, Pepsi Co, Gap and Jumia, the #1 ecommerce company in Africa.
2023. roe-ai : Roe AI is the next-generation AI-powered data warehouse to store, process, and query unstructured data like documents, websites, images, videos, and audio. By making the impossible data possible, we help data teams become strategic enablers. Data lies at the heart of strategic decision-making, steering enterprises toward their KPIs. Roe AI accelerates these successes by providing intuitive and intelligent multi-modal data extraction, data classification & multi-modal RAG via Roe's SQL engine. Book us a call to discover how Roe AI can take your enterprise's data intelligence to the next level https://cal.com/team/roe-ai/hi-roe The future of data science is here.
2024. digistain : In the global fight against breast cancer, Digistain stands at the forefront, offering a beacon of hope to millions. Our journey began at Imperial College London, where ground-breaking research gave birth to a technology poised to revolutionize breast cancer diagnostics. The Challenge: Every year, breast cancer affects 2.3 million individuals globally. Post-surgery, 60% of patients are advised to undergo genomic testing, an expensive and time-consuming process monopolized by a single lab in the U.S., costing around $4,000 and taking nearly two months. Consequently, only 5% undergo this vital testing. The rest, unable to access this crucial diagnostic step, often resort to chemotherapy—a treatment that, in one in four cases, is more harmful than the cancer itself. Our Solution: Digistain addresses this critical gap. Our technology transforms the current diagnostic process by enabling hospitals to analyze patient samples in-house using existing equipment, supplemented with our innovative technology. This approach offers near-instantaneous decision-making data, a stark contrast to the existing month-long waits. Central to our technology is a proprietary algorithm that identifies a unique spectral fingerprint of the tumour in the infrared spectrum, providing a personalized risk score. This score guides oncologists in selecting the most effective, individualized treatment plans, potentially reducing unnecessary chemotherapy and its harmful side effects. Impact and Potential: Our solution not only challenges the status quo in technology but also in accessibility. In a landmark government-commissioned study, Digistain demonstrated clinical evidence on par with the market leader, but at a fraction of the cost and time. Already making waves in clinical practice globally, with insurance reimbursement at leading cancer centers, our technology represents a paradigm shift in cancer care. Recognized by the Institute of Physics, the Royal Society, and Imperial College for our innovative contributions, and supported by entities like the NHS, Y Combinator, and the European Investment Bank, Digistain is more than a company—it’s a movement towards equitable, effective cancer treatment. With the potential to democratize access to life-saving diagnostics, Digistain is not just envisioning a better future for cancer patients; we are actively creating it.
2025. better-opinions : Better Opinions is a prediction market of India which allows users to trade their opinion on everyday topics. For example, If you think India Covid cases will decrease by 10% this week, you can trade this insight and win money if correct. Our aim is to make the app inclusive for all. The stock market unfortunately can be very technical and opaque and therefore isn’t always accessible for all. However, when we start allowing trading in categories such as cricket, politics and entertainment, not only do we make trading more relatable, but we also help improve their financial literacy.
2026. perl-street : Perl Street is democratizing structured finance through our platform, unlocking billions in financing for sustainable infrastructure and next-generation hardware technologies. Perl Street has already helped multiple hardware startups receive over $140M in debt financing offers from some of the world’s most reputable institutions. Climate change is a massive hardware problem. According to IEA estimates - reaching net zero emissions would require over $4 trillion per year in global clean energy investment. This means we need to upgrade nearly everything with new hardware - from energy storage devices to electric vehicles, charging stations and building electrification. The future of infrastructure is both distributed and resilient. And none of it is possible without financing new hardware.
2027. circle-medical : Circle Medical is a venture-backed Y-Combinator healthcare startup on a mission to bring quality, delightful primary care to everyone on the planet. Built by top-tier physicians, engineers, and designers, our medical practice and underlying technology have pioneered how people find and receive care. Our focus on building directly for our patients and providers to address serious care accessibility issues has enabled us to grow over 3X year-over-year. We’re now using our most recent round of funding from WELL Health, backed by Sir Li Ka-shing, to continue building out our hybrid in-clinic and telemedicine model across all fifty states. As we enter the hypergrowth phase, we are looking for deeply motivated team players who are driven to solve some of the biggest challenges in healthcare so that people can live longer and healthier lives. More about us can be found on our website!
2028. hippobuild : Hippo Build is building the Operating System for the Construction industry. We automate and optimize back office functions and the supply chain of Small and Medium Construction Companies. We save our customers hours everyday, and 1000’s of dollars every month on better sourced materials. And it takes only minutes for them to onboard We charge a small SaaS fee, + 1% transaction fee for the materials sourced. We are integrated with multiple marketplaces and providers, letting us automatically source better priced materials. This allows us to stay affordable for the SMB, whilst earning $20-100K per company.
2029. ollama : 
2030. ocular-ai : Ocular AI is the data annotation engine for Generative AI, Computer Vision, and Enterprise AI models. We help you transform unstructured, multi-modal data into golden datasets to power generative AI, frontier models, and computer vision. Ocular Foundry is the most intuitive, data-centric, and fastest platform that lets you label, annotate, version, and deploy your data for training models. It also orchestrates your annotation jobs, improving collaboration with members and annotators. With Ocular Bolt, shift from humans in the loop to experts in the loop to supercharge your data labeling and annotation projects. Our global expert workforce ensures fast, accurate results—no matter the scale or complexity of your data. Companies spend huge amounts on training data, but Foundry and Bolt are AI-native tools that lower costs, reduce manual effort, and accelerate high-quality data collection. We’re replacing outdated, clunky, and expensive data software!
2031. xobni : Xobni makes your inbox and address book smarter. Xobni, and its Smartr product suite, discover all the people you've ever emailed, called or SMS'd, and instantly access a full view of each contact, complete with their photo, job title, company details, email history as well as updates from LinkedIn, Facebook, and Twitter. You can download Smartr for Gmail, Android or iPhone; and Xobni for Outlook and BlackBerry - or connect them all with Xobni Pro.
2032. superunit : Superunit is building an AI powered ERP for companies manufacturing or selling physical goods. We’ve released our first module - AI accounting and supply chain management - to 7 customers in the last 6 weeks. We’ve booked $8.3k in MRR and just signed a pilot with a $200M apparel company. We offer automated bookkeeping, supply chain management, inventory costs, and contribution margin analysis. Our system seamlessly integrates with Quickbooks and ERPs, eliminating manual data entry and minimizing errors. Users can interact with Superunit via Slack or email, avoiding the need to learn new software. (https://www.loom.com/share/1425f6802d774e1aa00a8ac4b64782ff)
2033. embark : Embark is a mobile application designed to make it easy to get around cities using mass transit. Among other features, the iOS and Android application tells users when trains and busses are coming and will send push notifications when services are delayed. With over half a million users and rapid growth, Embark's simple and powerful mobile application is designed to bring urban transportation into the age of the smartphone. Embark is available for twelve major transportation systems in the US and the UK and is expanding rapidly. Embark won best transit and mobility app awards from the New York MTA App Quest and NYC Big Apps 3.0 contests.
2034. nabla-bio : Our mission is to enable pharmaceutical and biotech companies to bring more antibody therapies to patients. Using AI and massively parallel experimentation, we design antibodies that precisely bind the disease target at the right location, while minimizing manufacturability and toxicity risks. We are a well-funded, revenue-generating, bilingual company of wet- and dry-lab scientists, and are founded by AI and protein design experts from Harvard University.
2035. univerbal : Univerbal is an AI-powered language learning app that helps people boost their confidence simply by talking. In unscripted and dynamic conversations, users can talk about anything they’d like using the microphone, with the AI responding as it adapts to their level and skills. Each user gets a personal AI Language Tutor that creates a custom learning plan based on the language goals they’d like to work towards and their own interests, offers instant corrections after every message and helps users in their own language. Based in the country with 4 official languages, Switzerland, in 2024 we were selected as one of WIRED’s Hottest 100 Startups in Europe.
2036. vitable-health : We're a team of engineers, clinicians, and operators redesigning how healthcare fundamentally works for the 80 million uninsured and under-insured Americans. We started with a simple vertically integrated primary and urgent care health plan through a network of nurse practitioners that come directly to members virtually or through in-home visits. We designed our plan to make high-quality concierge care accessible to everyone - from the Grammy winners that have used us to our uninsured members. We're backed by world-class investors like First Round Capital, Y Combinator, Softbank along with incredible founders and operators with experience building and funding unicorns like Michael Seibel (YC, Twitch), Immad Akhund (Mercury), Allison Pickens (Gainsight), Jack Altman (Lattice), Dan Folkman (GoPuff) and others.
2037. superagent : Superagent is a workspace where AI assistants can work together, learn new information, and handle complex tasks on their own. Unlike regular AI tools that can only do basic tasks, Superagent's AI assistants can help teams with ongoing work like compliance, researching markets, and manage R&D - work that usually needs human employees.
2038. 1stcollab : 1stCollab is an AI-powered influencer marketing platform for helping brands optimize performance. We are the first platform that leverages ML to accurately predict a creator's performance and use those predictions to recruit the most relevant, best-performing creators for a brand’s upcoming influencer campaigns. Our founding team collectively spent 30 years at Pinterest building up most of its Discovery systems, so are experts at finding the perfect set of creators for optimizing engagement. Let us know if we can help you run an influencer marketing campaign and see how our brands have reduced their CAC by over 70%!
2039. attain : Attain is a one-stop shop for convenience store owners to buy inventory across all their suppliers with higher reliability, price transparency, and product discovery. On average, store owners buy products from over 10-15 different suppliers each week. This painful process involves shopping in massive warehouses or spending hours working with wholesaler’s sales representatives (who sometimes don’t even show up). As a result, stores waste countless hours ordering products through extremely inefficient and tedious processes. These store owners are also severely impacted by inventory shortages and revenue loss which many times results in them downsizing their business or shutting them down completely. Attain solves this problem by providing a single app to purchase products across all of their suppliers, resulting in a one-stop shop for inventory. By aggregating inventory across a multitude of suppliers and wholesalers, Attain helps stores save significant time and money while allowing them to focus on what they do best - growing their businesses. Feel free to reach out at founders@joinattain.com!
2040. eris-biotech : We are developing cancer therapeutics using small molecules that inhibit immune suppression. Our drugs engage the immune system to aggressively fight tumors. Our therapeutic portfolio addresses a range of solid tumors, starting with mesothelioma.
2041. vocera : Are you building AI voice agents like receptionists, customer support, or sales reps? Do you find yourself manually testing your bot by calling it? We faced similar challenges, especially being in a regulated industry. That's why we developed Vocera - a solution that automates the testing process for your voice agents. With Vocera, you can prove your reliability before going live, test every update seamlessly, and scale your operations efficiently. Replicating a real world conversation is hard. Our AI simulates these scenarios using workflows, personas and past conversations. We are already talking to AI for ordering food, getting appointments and even interviews. The market is aptly getting flooded with AI voice agents built by thousands of companies. We make them dependable.
2042. rutter : Rutter is building a universal API for e-commerce platforms, accounting systems and payment processors. Similar to the financial market before Plaid, the world of business financial data is split across hundreds of platforms like e-commerce storefronts, marketplaces, accounting systems and payment processors, such as Shopify, Amazon, Quickbooks, Netsuite, Stripe and others. Each of these platforms has its own app store or its equivalent, and the enterprising developer must spend thousands of hours building integrations in order to access the entire market. Rutter is an integration layer for any company building integrations into commerce or accounting platforms. You can learn more about our universal API here: https://www.rutter.com/
2043. comet-health : 
2044. zoltar-labs : 
2045. synapticure : Personalized virtual clinical care is finally here for neurodegenerative diseases like Alzheimer's and related Dementias (Cognitive), Parkinson's and Huntington's (Movement), and ALS (Movement). We provide a novel approach to care in these diseases, centering a patient and caregiver around a coordinator who quarterbacks patients through our full Multi-Disciplinary Care Resources to local aid, PT/OT and home health support. When you leave our clinic, it's not with a handful of paper referrals, but with our coordinators helping you book and find the best physicians, DME, trials, and even cheapest prescriptions. We are devoted to helping patients, from guidance on care and insurance to providing the full spectrum of investigational and clinical testing to improve outcomes. Synapticure was built by leading patient and caregiver advocates alongside leading clinicians, biotech executives and telemedicine executives to bring the neurodegenerative disease care and treatment experience into the 21st century, and is backed by the leading Venture funds and Angel investors in the remote health and life sciences space.
2046. blue-frog-gaming : Blue Frog Gaming
2047. contalink : Contalink is a SAAS to help accountants in Mexico automate bookkeeping and serve their clients online. We help accountants do bookkeeping 5x faster..
2048. monzo-bank : YC has written a good overview of our business on their blog: https://blog.ycombinator.com/monzo-makes-money-work-for-everyone/ Our mission is to make money work for everyone. We are the UK's leading digital bank for individuals and businesses, reinventing the traditional banking industry one customer at a time. We're relentlessly mission driven and always put our customers first - from what products we chose to launch next to our transparency and use of simple language. With a Net Promoter Score of 70+, it shows. From our founding in 2015, we now have over 7 million customers in the UK (13% of UK adults) and are building out our team in the US. We've seen incredible organic growth, acquiring 150,000 customers / month in 2022, with 80% of this coming from word of mouth. Our weekly active user rate is ~60% and ~40% of our active users use us as their Main Bank account, showing that we are a product that is embedded in our users' daily lives. We've grown to ~2,450 staff (~400 of which make up the product/tech team), and are backed by YC, Stripe, Tencent, Mike Moritz, and others. Internally, we encourage an open, collaborative, and inclusive working environment - we were voted the #1 startup where people in the UK want to work for the second year running in 2022. We contribute to open source software, and we continually engage with our wonderful community. We're hiring talented, creative problem-solvers to help us build the bank of the future. Join us!
2049. firstwork : Firstwork is a next-generation HR platform designed specifically for companies with dynamic workforce needs. Our mission is to streamline and automate key HR processes to help businesses operate more efficiently and effectively. What We Do (for now): (1) Smart Onboarding 📋: Our platform simplifies the onboarding process by automating the collection and verification of credentials, such as right-to-work documents, insurance forms and driver’s licenses. This reduces administrative burden and accelerates the time-to-productivity for new hires. (2) AI-Assisted Activation 🤖: Leveraging AI, we enhance communication and messaging for new hires, ensuring they receive timely and relevant information. This helps in better engagement and faster integration into their roles. (3) Perpetual Compliance ✅: Our system uses AI and OCR technology to continuously monitor and ensure compliance with various regulatory requirements. This includes tracking expirations of critical documents, updating records, and generating compliance reports, thus reducing the risk of penalties and legal issues.
2050. metal : Metal is an AI application built for fund deal teams and managers. We accelerate a funds deal flow by reducing the effort needed to collect and parse data, perform diligence, and capture key findings.
2051. gauss : Gauss allows people with good credit scores to significantly lower interest rates on their credit cards while they keep using them. Users connect their credit cards to the mobile app and get a revolving credit line in under 10 minutes. Gauss tracks and automatically pays off any expensive balance on connected cards, saving users thousands of dollars on interest charges and helping them pay off card balances faster and improve credit scores.
2052. micsi : MICSI is introducing AI software that doubles resolution and halves scan time. This breakthrough enables imaging centers to significantly enhance their capacity and patient throughput, potentially saving countless lives and generating an additional $2 million of revenue per MRI scanner. Our initial offering serves as a stepping stone toward the company’s larger vision of transforming the MRI into a truly quantitative instrument that is capable of providing highly reproducible data for more accurate diagnoses and patient management.
2053. nova-2 : Nova centralizes digital subscriptions, data room, and ongoing investor communication in a single investor management platform for private funds.
2054. hudson-labs : Finance-specific AI trained on complex financial language for industry-leading accuracy and reliability. Our large language models interpret and condense huge volumes of information, so institutional investors can make smarter decisions in record time. Learn more at www.hudson-labs.com
2055. protego : Protego helps companies recover lost revenue from chargebacks. The company automates chargeback management and dispute processes. It provides real-time monitoring, reporting, and analytics on chargeback information for providing valuable insights into fraudulent consumer behavior.
2056. trellis : Trellis converts your unstructured data into SQL-compliant tables with a schema you define in natural language. With Trellis, you can now run SQL queries on complex data sources like financial documents, contracts, and emails. Our AI engine guarantees accurate schema and results. Leading enterprises use Trellis to: 1. Unlock hidden revenue in their customer data (e.g., Underwriting teams use Trellis to extract key features from transaction data and build better risk models.) 2. Supercharge RAG applications by enabling end-users to ask analytical questions not possible before with traditional Vector DB (e.g., what are the top three features that users are requesting) 3. Enrich their data warehouse with business-critical information (e.g., Retrieving detailed pricing and quantity information of products sold on competitor websites)
2057. roost : Roost is the first to provide push notifications for websites. Power your web engagement and audience growth with cutting edge technology. Powerful feature sets including geolocation, A/B testing, and personalization. Currently supports Chrome and Safari browsers on Windows, Mac, and Android. Firefox support is coming soon. Roost is a Y Combinator backed company located in NYC.
2058. shinkei-systems : 1.2B lbs of fish are caught everyday yet as little as 1 in 3 fish make it to a plate — most of this waste arises because fish are suffocated on boats or electrocuted on farms. Suffocation and inaccurate electrocution create stress and so acidify meat, damage quality and significantly reduce shelf-life. Artisanal techniques in high-end sushi multiply shelf-life and taste but, because of the variation in fish, are difficult to perform in a mechanical fashion. Shinkei automates traditional techniques using robotics to provide long-lasting and delicious fish for farmers and harvesters at scale.
2059. look-after-my-bills : Look After My Bills is a new auto-switching service making sure you're always on the best possible energy deal.
2060. poll-everywhere : Poll Everywhere turns any presentation into a two-way conversation - directly in your PowerPoint, Keynote, or Google Slide deck. Participants respond to questions live using mobile phones and the results appear instantly in beautiful, animated displays. Poll Everywhere engages everyone at conferences, town halls, training sessions, marketing events, and everyday meetings. Learn more about how organizations like HP, Volvo, KPMG, and over 75% of the Fortune 500 use Poll Everywhere to get results.
2061. chargehound : Fight chargeback fraud. Save time and money. Chargebacks are tedious to rebut yet costly to ignore. Revenue lost from chargebacks can be won back, but the dispute process is time-consuming and inefficient. With one simple integration, Chargehound automates your entire dispute process. You can respond to all your chargebacks — instantly. Let us do the work — as soon as you receive a dispute, Chargehound will create and submit a comprehensive, customized response on your behalf. Instead of spending hours compiling disputes, you can focus on more impactful goals, like minimizing your chargebacks and maximizing your win rate. Get started for free by making an account at www.Chargehound.com!
2062. z-imaging : We develop surgical navigation and robotics tools to make minimally invasive surgeries easier, faster and more accessible.
2063. momentic : Momentic is the most advanced AI platform for testing. We're accelerating engineering teams at companies like Retool, Podium, Chegg, Runway, and many more.
2064. nango : Customers expect your SaaS to integrate with all the software they use. With Nango, you ship integrations your customers love, fast. Leverage hundreds of pre-built integrations and unlimited customization.
2065. empirical-health : Empirical Health is proactive primary care. We use AI to triage healthcare resources to efficiently manage chronic illness and succeed in value-based care payment models. We're licensed, registered, and insured to deliver real medical care in 8 US states.
2066. replicate : 
2067. boldvoice : BoldVoice helps non-native English speakers to speak clearly and confidently. We combine bite-sized video lessons from Hollywood accent coaches with instant pronunciation feedback from AI, to create an effective and engaging learning experience.
2068. beebettor : BeeBettor makes sports betting simple. Currently, sports bettors download more than 40 sports betting apps to get the full experience. At each one, they must go through a long KYC process. Then once their 40 accounts are active and funded, finding the best price is a painstaking process involving third-party tools to search available offers. BeeBettor aggregates all these accounts into one app and automatically gives sports bettors the best price.
2069. verdn : Verdn is a climate-impact API for companies and their end-customers. With Verdn, companies direct a portion of sales towards ecosystem restoration projects (like tree planting, ocean-plastic cleanup, and coral planting), carried out by vetted NGO partners. After each sale, we send the end-customer a tracking dashboard where they can engage with updates about their positive impact. Our mission is to Ctrl+Z global ecosystem collapse by making sustainability profitable. We have planted 1,500,000 trees, recovered 400,000 kg of ocean-bound plastic and 150 m2 of coral reef, and have over 100+ paying customers that are seeing a 10x boost in engagement.
2070. stepful : Stepful trains people with a high school education in 4 months and places them into healthcare jobs. Healthcare is the fastest growing industry in the US accounting for 40% of all jobs added including medical assistants, nursing assistants, and phlebotomists.
2071. sfox : SFOX, a YC-backed company, makes it easy for enterprises to trade bitcoin. We started with an advanced trading platform that uses algorithms to provide a competitive advantage to our customers. SFOX now aims to expand international commerce by making it easy to trade any currency and settle in real time.
2072. quickcard : We help our customers build sales documents that are personalized, actionable, and beautiful. Our platform is self-serve friendly and replaces outdated email attachments.
2073. azalea-robotics-corporation : Azalea Robotics automates airport baggage handling with intelligent robot operations. The global market for airport baggage handling systems is $20+ billion and growing, presenting a significant opportunity for innovation and market disruption in this sector. Passenger air traffic volume is increasing, driving demand for efficient and reliable baggage handling at airports and putting immense pressure on existing infrastructure. In 2023 alone, airports processed approximately 4.5 billion bags, highlighting the need for advanced solutions to manage this load effectively. Azalea Robotics provides state-of-the-art robotic systems that enhance efficiency, reduce mishandling, and improve passenger experience through more reliable operations. Baggage handling is a critical component of airline ground operations, yet it is fraught with challenges. The work is physically demanding, often leading to long-term injuries among workers. Traditional baggage handling involves repetitive lifting and maneuvering of heavy loads, which can result in long-term health issues. Azalea Robotics addresses these challenges by automating the most strenuous tasks, thereby reducing the risk of injury and enhancing operational efficiency.
2074. checkr : Checkr builds people infrastructure for the future of work. And we believe everyone should have a fair chance to work. That's why we've designed a faster—and fairer—way to screen job seekers. For more information on our mission and products, visit http://checkr.com.
2075. namecard-ai : In the fast-paced world of business, your success often hinges on who you know. But finding the right people to grow your business shouldn't be left to chance or countless hours of networking. At Namecard.ai, we're transforming how businesses connect and grow. We harness the power of generative AI to understand your unique business DNA - your goals, challenges, strengths, and needs. We then connect you with the right people who can truly catalyze your growth.
2076. milo : Milo is the Family AI. We give busy parents back time + mindshare by tackling the daily details with a behind the scenes co-pilot. By pairing a human in the loop with the latest in LLM capabilities we're able to effectively build a copilot for detailed, high context and noisy tasks, via a simple conversational SMS interface.
2077. sinovia-technologies : We use the printing methods used for newspapers, packaging, posters, and other graphic media to make beautiful, emissive electronic displays with high-end OLED technology aimed at low-cost applications. Our displays are paper-thin, flexible, and can be easily custom printed in a variety of shapes and sizes, allowing hardware designers to use displays and indicators on curved surfaces and in new ways.
2078. luminate-medical : We make devices that help cancer patients prevent the side effects of cancer treatment, including hair loss, neuropathy and infertility. Our first product, Lily, is a wearable cap that enables chemotherapy patients to prevent hair loss in a comfortable, portable way, while our second product, Lilac, is the world's first device to prevent the peripheral nerve damage caused by cancer treatment.
2079. sense-education : Sense is a company dedicated to revolutionizing the way students receive personalized, high-quality, and actionable feedback on their work using advanced AI technology. Utilizing AI techniques, including large language models, Sense offers a universal system that helps students bridge the gap between their submissions and the correct answers while providing positive reinforcement for their strengths. The platform will accommodate multiple correct answers, ensuring flexibility and adaptability to various learning styles and subjects. Educators are involved to curate and guide the system as needed to provide the best and most effective feedback.
2080. bluelight : Bluelight gives home service contractors the power of real-time data to optimize and scale their business.
2081. pumpkin : Pumpkin is a new type of web browser built for daily collaboration with AI.
2082. hey-revia : Hey Revia is a voice AI that handles complex phone calls for healthcare providers. Our software automates complex menus, reduces hold times, and handles tedious phone calls—verifying provider details, updating insurance info, and securing approvals. We offer Revia as web app, mobile app and API.
2083. gather-2 : Gather is a video chat platform designed to make virtual interactions more human. Our mission is to create opportunity and connection for everyone, no matter where they are. We do this by building the Metaverse, a virtual layer over the physical world where people can work, socialize, and learn. Since we launched in May of 2020, Gather has brought millions of people together. We have raised a total of $77 million in Series A and B from Sequoia Capital, Index Ventures, and more. We’re a small, friendly team based out of a state-of-the-art virtual office, where you can work whenever and wherever suits you. Come join us! https://www.fastcompany.com/90692692/gather-inclusive-metaverse-vr
2084. gulp : Gulp is a developer platform that makes it easy for engineers to build, test, and deploy real-time data pipelines. Our first release is Osmosis: a framework that helps AI agents learn in real-time. | https://gulp.ai/responsive-software.html
2085. streak : Streak is the only CRM integrated entirely within your Gmail inbox, and works alongside all your other G Suite applications. It can be used to track any business process including sales, partnerships, support, hiring, deal flow, and much more. Streak also includes a powerful set of email tools including email tracking, send later, snoozing, mail merge, and more.
2086. homebreeze : HomeBreeze offers the fastest and easiest way to make home upgrades. Our technology remotely scopes projects based on photos, video, answers to questions, and other data. We send those scopes to our network of contractors and get homeowners quotes within minutes, rather than weeks. We started with energy-efficient upgrades (e.g. heat pumps), as our first stop toward modernizing home management.
2087. cambio-2 : Cambio is the AI-powered commercial real estate operations platform, built by real estate investors for real estate investors. Cambio automatically collects building data via LLMs to empower mission critical workflows like capital planning and compliance. For instance, Cambio's AI models ingest building data (age, asset class, size, location, etc.) to generate retrofit recommendations and predict ROI. We're working with the largest commercial real estate private equity firms globally like Beacon Capital Partners and Madison International Realty, with a 100% RFP win rate. Our founding team collectively has two decades of commercial real estate experience across KKR, Oxford Properties Group, JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs. We are building the solution we wished we had while working at these funds.
2088. allure-systems : Allure Systems was Acquired by Farfetch (NASDAQ: FTCH) in Dec 2021. AllureSystems uses generative A.I. to create stunning apparel images for eCommerce. Allure works with leading fashion retailers to improve conversion rates by creating images that resonate with their clients in a scalable and cost-effective way. With a single photo of clothing, a brand can produce unlimited images, on any model, instantly. The ability to show styles on models in every size increases conversion rates and wow the customers. Without needing models or photographers on-site, brands can produce images for their product page at scale.
2089. truewind : ⛵️ Truewind (YC W23) is AI-powered bookkeeping and finance software for startups. 🤖 Using GPT-3, Truewind captures the business context that only founders have, making accounting easier and more accurate. Through a combination of AI and concierge service, Truewind delivers a delightful financial back office experience, that includes: + Reliable bookkeeping with less errors + Detailed financial models + Built exclusively for startups + Fast, responsive expertise
2090. quan : We provide a self-assessment which identifies the underlying causes of poor wellbeing and match proven solutions for individuals and teams. https://www.quanwellbeing.com/
2091. vera-health : We empower healthcare providers, starting with emergency physicians, with instant access to up-to-date evidence-based answers. Our platform cuts through the noise to deliver trustworthy medical information 10x faster, revolutionizing clinical decision-support.
2092. outlit : Outlit is building AI for Enterprise Deal Makers. Think Salesforce CPQ but AI-first. We help Deal Desk and Revenue teams automate tasks like creating, pricing, reviewing and closing deals—enabling them close deals faster We’ve created the largest Deal Desk community on Slack, with decision-makers from companies like Stripe, Uber, LinkedIn, Rev.com, and more. We believe community-led growth is the future of GTM for enterprise SaaS sales—and Outlit is already a step ahead.
2093. triplezip : TripleZip is a platform that automates accounting for commercial real estate using AI. CRE firms use TripleZip to save up to 95% on accounting compared to hiring an outside firm for complex tasks like CAM reconciliation and budgeting.
2094. clover : We built a new style of text editor from the ground up to better support creative thinking. Clover lets you explode traditional, linear documents into an infinite "surface" for a more intuitive, visual way of note-taking, brainstorming, mind-mapping, and managing tasks.
2095. sphere : Sphere helps US software companies manage their global sales tax / VAT / GST compliance requirements. Our platform helps with everything from nexus monitoring, registration, calculation and filing/remittance. Companies like Runway AI choose our platform because we’re the only product that offers true global coverage, is easy to implement and reasonably priced. - We're growing rapidly (20%+ MoM revenue growth) and have signed customers like Runway AI, Sierra AI, Codeium + many more - We're building the world's first tax-focused LLMs (which we believe will be the foundation for a broader cross border compliance platform; think Deel for international billing) - We're well funded by Felicis Ventures and the founders of Flexport, Lyft, Betterup, Go1 and Xendit
2096. kilobaser : We combined microfluidic chip technology and a reagent cartridge to create the first personal DNA synthesizer. Until now most life scientists had to rely on out-sourced DNA synthesis, causing stagnating research. Kilobaser empowers every life scientist to synthesize DNA on their benchtop.
2097. talyn-air : Talyn is making long-range electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft for cargo. We get fixed-wing performance with VTOL capability by making an electric fixed wing aircraft that is caught mid-air with a custom winged drone, enabling it to take-off and land vertically.
2098. caddie-ai : Caddie AI is building the future of website conversion. We're currently working in stealth with some incredible customers. Stay tuned!
2099. amal-invest : Amal's an investing app for Muslims. Muslims only invest in Shariah-compliant business, but it's hard to know which businesses are compliant. That's because it's based on complex financial metrics that change over time. We take that burden away entirely. Amal can filter stocks but also, remarkably, funds. Set your filters up once, and you'll have access to a universe of investments that cater to your specific requirements. Sign up today at https://amalinvest.com
2100. origami-agents : Every Origami Agent works like a dedicated human sales rep, analyzing websites, press releases, and product pages to bring you the top 1% of your customers every day. Use millions of Origami Agents to make sense of the other 99% of data that's not in structured databases. ‎ Previously, Finn built custom outbound solutions for over 20 startups, while Kenson was the CTO at an enterprise sales startup. We found ourselves building this tool for our customers over and over again, and that it worked 10x better than all other outbound strategies. ‎ There’s enough information on the internet to know exactly who your perfect customers are.
2101. boxouse : Boxouse is the product of curiosity and mishap by Luke and Heather. They build beautiful, sustainable, portable, affordable houses for everyone. Inspired by portable, modular shipping containers and fed up with paying rising rents in San Francisco for non ideal housing they set out to redefine the landscape in which they lived and rethink housing for modern aspirations. Boxouse started on a vacant lot in 2013 and quickly grew into a community of friends who all shared a common goal of experimenting with sustainability and building. They still run all their production out of beautiful Oakland California. Their catalogue offers a variety of houses from minimal to a luxe edition with wheels, solar and full utilities.
2102. fresh-factory : We are transforming eCommerce and Direct-to-Retail fulfillment for Businesses that sells Cold Chain products. Fresh Factory provides network of hyperlocal cold chain fulfillment centers, transportation, and equipped them with smart fulfillment management system that allows businesses to store, pick & pack, and deliver their products their consumers faster, better, and more efficient.
2103. candoriq : CandorIQ is software to manage Headcount and Compensation planning. Employees are +70% of all OPEX and yet still managed in sheets & email. We manage all people spend in 1 platform, integrated into your Finance & HR stack. Product capabilities include: - Headcount & backfill planning - Headcount budget scenarios across departments - Merit cycle planning - Analytics including employee churn, hiring win/loss, cash burn
2104. zitara-technologies-inc : Batteries have a big role to play in tackling the climate crisis, and it’s essential to make sure that they’re safe and reliable to operate. At Zitara, we build cutting-edge software solutions that empower companies to deeply understand their batteries, both in design and deployment. It’s all part of our work to enable a renewable energy revolution, powered by safer batteries, at a lower cost, with less waste.
2105. rezi : REZI is a leading real estate technology company founded in 2016 and the only fully remote and automated marketplace for long-term apartment rentals. REZI empowers landlords to lease their vacant apartments using their state-of-the-art platform — guaranteeing the monthly rent, paying up to 12 months of rent upfront, reducing leasing costs, and simplifying the leasing process for several to hundreds of units in a single transaction. Renters on REZI are then able to find, tour, apply for, and lease their next home without any fees and in as little as five minutes — right from their phone — through pre-screened listings, contactless tours, and automated application decisions.
2106. promise : Promise modernizes and humanizes government payments. We are a comprehensive payments platform that increases revenue and efficiency for government agencies. We help residents navigate payments with dignity and ease to avoid the negative consequences of non-payment. Promise’s win-win services strengthen the bond between government agencies and the communities which they serve.
2107. infracost : Infracost shifts cloud costs left and makes FinOps proactive. It sits in the engineering workflow (CI/CD), and shows the cost impact of code changes (IaC) before the code is shipped to production. This catches costly mistakes before any money has been spent. It also checks to make sure all resources are tagged with your set tagging policy, and runs checks on the code against our FinOps policy packs, ensuring best practices are followed (e.g. GP2 volumes should be GP3). This creates a cost-aware engineering culture.
2108. raycast : Raycast is a productivity tool that saves engineering teams time on non-coding tasks in apps like Jira, GitHub or Slack which might take up to 50% of a developer's day.
2109. legionfarm : LegionFarm lets gamers pay to play with professional players, helping customers have more fun playing, learn to be a better gamer, and conquer difficult parts of video games. Legionfarm Pros want to monetize their skills by turning their hobbies into real careers. They are the top 1% of players. They have a massive impact on the success of gaming companies - and we want to allow these top players to hold their dream jobs in virtual worlds. Over the past year, Legionfarm organized over 400,000 gaming sessions with our 7,000 Pros. Legionfarm provides access to unique entertainment on a global scale while creating new jobs in virtual worlds at the same time
2110. nestor : Nestor is a Skills-based talent management platform that helps HR and managers identify, activate, and strategically deploy skills in their organization to drive peak performance, innovation, and growth. With a market library of over 20,000 skills enhanced by Nestor’s AI skills suggestions, you gain unprecedented visibility into your people’s capabilities and dynamic mapping of their skills. Our leading platform combines the tools, insights, and decision-making support you need to understand people's strengths and skill gaps and effectively guide them with personalized upskilling and reskilling initiatives aligned with career goals and company business priorities. Nestor’s Talent and Opportunity Marketplace helps connect talent with gigs, projects, or new open roles based on AI smart-matching, ensuring people with the right skills are in the right place at the right time. Using the capabilities of the Nestor platform, HR and business leaders can benefit from: - Skills Mapping - Increased Performance - Upskilling & Reskilling - Talent Deployment - Growth & Retention - Internal Hiring - Succession Planning - Workforce Agility - Optimized learning ROI - Emerging Skills Nestor is trusted by HR and people leaders in mid-to-large enterprises, including F500 companies, across the US, Latin America, Europe, and the Middle East. Nestor is rated the #1st Easiest to Use Skills Management Software on G2. Request a demo here: https://nestorup.com/demo.
2111. leaders-in-tech : Leaders In Tech Fellows is a 10-month program limited to 72 hand-picked founders nominated by the tech community for their commitment to building high-performing and culturally-healthy organizations. The Fellows program is based on the legendary Interpersonal Dynamics ("Touchy Feely") class at the Stanford Graduate School of Business and is led by Carole Robin former faculty director and matriarch of that program. 146 Fellows alumni now run companies valued at over $50B that employ thousands of people.
2112. cardpool : Cardpool is a gift card exchange marketplace where anybody can buy, sell, or trade their new or pre-owned gift cards. Customers can buy gift cards up to 30% off their face value, sell their gift cards for up to 90% of their face value in cash, trade their gift cards for an Amazon.com Gift Card, or donate their gift card to charity. Cardpool provides free shipping for both buyers and sellers, a 100-day return policy, and policy of only selling gift cards that have no expiration date and no monthly fees.
2113. midship : We extract and organize structured data from documents, such as PDFs, excel sheets for non-engineers. A CRE firm uses us to pull data from several deals to populate their underwriting spreadsheets in 5 minutes, instead of hours.
2114. kanda : Kanda is building Affirm for general contractors. We allow contractors to offer financing to homeowners who want to remodel but can’t pay the full price upfront.
2115. helloverify : With increasing fraud rates, the need for a credible background check system is more important than ever. Unlike other background check solutions that are manual, expensive and require a ton of documentation, HelloVerify creates a seamless experience through its technology platform that is cost effective and provides results instantly from trusted verification sources. It not only automates data collection and matching but streamlines the entire process from order requests, progress status to final report delivery. We help prevent fraud by finding facts about individuals. The online service acts as a means of authenticating and objectively verifying an individual’s identity, court case status, educational check, credit score and employment history - thereby enabling commercial transactions and hiring decisions to take place between parties. Whether you are a corporate or a startup looking to hire new employees or a homeowner seeking to verify your driver's driving license or a landlord wanting to ascertain your tenant’s payment ability - we provide a wide range of checks at affordable rates & quick turnaround time. Sign up today!
2116. popsy : Popsy is an AI tool that finds you leads on Reddit and sends them hyper personalized DMs.
2117. artifact : Artifact makes it easy to record stories with the most important people in your life. We set them up with a professional interviewer through our marketplace and we make it easy, from scheduling interviews to delivering a polished edit that wouldn’t sound out of place on NPR. We then host their stories in shareable, interactive listening experiences.
2118. imt-care : India’s insurance market is filled with bygone products, which do not cater to 95% of the market's demand for specific products such as illness-specific insurance, primary care with insurance, and surgical insurance to name a few. We, at IMT, aim to target this white space by creating innovative products that fulfill this new demand by empowering the agents. Agents are the largest insurance distribution channel in India and cover 85% of the premium collection. Agents collect 20B premium every year. With a 5% take rate, it’s a 1B dollar market opportunity growing at 22% CAGR. Kunal has 15+ years of experience working with insurance companies and building agent networks, while he scaled his brokerage business to 3M dollars in revenue. Rachit has 12+ years of experience in building tech products, he was a founding engineer at Payu (stripe of India).
2119. growthbook : GrowthBook is an open source platform to help companies make data-driven product decisions with feature flags and A/B tests. Existing SaaS solutions like LaunchDarkly require a company to send all of their data to them. This results in high costs, data compliance issues, and vendor lock-in. As a result, many companies end up building their own platforms in-house, which can take thousands of hours of work and lots of headaches. To solve this, GrowthBook uses a company's existing data infrastructure and business metrics. We believe feature flags and experimentation are the right way to build products at scale and that they will become a standard part of the development process. GrowthBook is well positioned to be a leader in this growing market.
2120. embeddables : We replace form builders like Typeform and custom code as the way you collect information from users using low code tools. For example you’re a health tech startup and want an onboarding flow but don’t want to use Typeform and don’t have engineering bandwidth. You can use Embeddables to build a totally custom concierge flow and embed it in your app. Then make edits and view analytics, without writing code.
2121. swadesh : We offer a free US FDIC Insured Checking account, Free Credit Card (no interest rate, collateral, fees), Free AT&T SIM Card shipped to home with 40%+ cheaper plans than retail, and save thousands of dollars in remittances to our customers - all by opening a free Swadesh Account. We enable new to America expats become "American" in the eyes of the US Financial system. We're starting by serving the 150,000+ Indian expats migrating to the US each year. We have a comprehensive solution that covers banking, credit building, communication, remittance, as well as value-add services such as insurance, housing etc. along with all the standard bells and whistles of neobanks.
2122. enode : Enode’s APIs enable you to instantly connect users’ energy devices — including EVs, solar inverters, home batteries and thermostats — to your app.
2123. fello : Fello is a game-based savings and investment application for the gen-z and young millennials of India to save play and earn returns more than a traditional savings bank account. We are merging the worlds of gaming and finance to make finance fun, easy and rewarding! Users can save and invest in financial assets and for every rupee they save they get one gaming token using which they can play daily and weekly games and if they win in these games they get to win Rs.1 lakh every week! Just within a short span of 12 weeks of launch, we onboarded 250,000 users with 92% of them being referred users, 88% of them being first-time investors who are spending over 12 minutes on an average per day on the app saving and playing games together!
2124. homli : Launched in 2022, HOMLI is a modern, scalable real estate brokerage that helps European consumers sell, rent, and buy real estate. We are building Europe's first 'Zestimate' platform to finally bring transparency around property prices and neighborhood dynamics to all consumers across Europe. We couple that with an in-house brokerage team that is more effective, more productive, and more pleasant to work with. We combine the most advanced technological innovations with a holistically new approach to operations to re-invent a brokerage industry that hasn't evolved in decades, and introduce a brand new real estate experience for European consumers.
2125. orderli : Orderli is tableside ordering for bars and pubs in Europe. Orderli works without downloading an app, guests can scan a QR code on the table, browser the menu and order what they want. For the staff we provide a simple app which gives them a better overview who is ordering and control of the orders that are sent to the kitchen. In the backend we use predictions to recommend restaurant owners what to purchase and make changes to the menu in real-time.
2126. index-2 : Get warm introductions from your colleagues Index combines public information on people with private information on relationships to tell you who knows who and how well.
2127. tandem-2 : The pandemic reduced office use nationwide by 50%, and tenants have been left to deal with highly inflexible, long term lease agreements that don’t fit today’s office use patterns. The traditional brokerage model works great for big spaces and long terms. But when you want to talk smaller units, short term lengths, shared and common areas, you’re out of luck. Tandem is an AI-enabled office leasing platform. We’re using technology to unlock flexible, month-to-month agreements in quality, ready-to-go spaces. Our AI co-pilot enables a white-glove-quality B2B office search experience, with a fraction of the human labor typically required. Today we’re serving two primary markets — NY & SF, with hundreds of active Hosts in each. We’ve helped match more than 100 companies and have seen double-digit month-over-month growth.
2128. rebellyous-foods : Rebellyous Foods is a food manufacturing technology and production company defined solely to catapult meat alternative production toward price parity with animal-based meat. Rebellyous implements novel food manufacturing equipment and processes in large-scale production to produce low-cost plant-based meat at high volumes. These goals are achieved through uniquely designed food products, the use of high-throughput manufacturing automation and ‘smart’ production centers, and the development and utilization of new innovative low-energy manufacturing tools. Working closely with industry partners, Rebellyous makes plant-based meat sustainable, affordable, and widely available.
2129. spinach-ai : Spinach AI, backed by Y Combinator, Zoom and Atlassian, is the AI Meeting Assistant - helps run your meeting, summarizes the conversation and automates post-meeting work. Spinach integrates with your existing tools and supports 100 languages. According to Gartner, 80% of project management tasks will be run by AI by 2030, Spinach is making that a reality today.
2130. thunkable : From MIT's App Inventor and YCombinator's W2016 batch, Thunkable allows anyone to build powerful native apps. With Thunkable, it's simple to design, and simple to code-- simply drag and drop to create fast, native, reliable apps. You don't need to download large development suites, command-line kits, or simulators. You can use the many built-in app templates as they are, or make changes. Make your changes online and see them on your device instantly with the Thunkable mobile app. Upload your apps directly to the Play Store or App Store or send them to friends!
2131. interviewed : Indeed, the world’s number one job site has acquired Interviewed - http://press.indeed.com/press/indeed-acquires-leading-hr-technology-company-interviewed/
2132. astrix-health : Astrix builds AI purchasing agents for healthcare providers. Astrix agents normalize and aggregate billions of data points on medical supply pricing allowing providers to make informed purchasing decisions.
2133. taxo : Taxo integrates with electronic health records (EHRs) to automate medical billing and coding. Its AI-powered solution reduces the time and cost of claims processing by >90%, enabling providers to focus on patient care rather than administrative tasks.
2134. sandbox-banking : Sandbox Banking provides a low-code platform to quickly build and run banking integrations. Our software is literally a web application named Glyue, and it's typically used by banks, credit unions, and fintechs to connect banking systems. Glyue integrations are often web service APIs, batch ETL jobs, file/document transfer jobs, or event-driven pub/sub services (e.g. web hooks, Kafka streaming data pipelines).
2135. inventive-ai : Inventive is an AI-powered RFP & questionnaire response management platform that drives 70%+ efficiency in sales response workflows. **Core benefits and features:** - **10X Faster Drafts With Highly Accurate Responses**: Using Inventive’s proprietary AI-system you can get first drafts 10 times faster, with accurate responses rooted in your knowledge sources, that you and your team can collaborate on to refine. - **Single Hub for All Your Knowledge Sources:** Inventive offers a centralized hub for all your knowledge sources. You can upload previous RFPs and relevant documents; integrate with your internal data systems such as gDrive. Sharepoint & more; upload Q&A from legacy tools or spreadsheets; and even add information from your websites. - **Fight Stale Content With AI Content Manager:** Inventive’s AI content manager proactively flags conflicting content by identifying issues within your sources, so you only use fresh and relevant content in your responses. - **Higher Productivity & Competitive Advantage With AI Agents:** Inventive offers a suite of AI agents designed to boost productivity and give you a competitive advantage. These agents can help with researching competitors, brainstorming ideas, and more. Built by a customer-obsessed team comprising an ex-exec from a Fortune 500 company and ex-AI team from Google & Stanford. Backed by top Silicon Valley investors including YCombinator.
2136. pullrequest : Code Review as a Service PullRequest is passionate about code quality. From static analysis to an on-demand network of code review experts, we help development teams ship code faster, with improved quality and lower costs.
2137. upwave : Upwave is the #1 marketing analytics platform for the world's biggest brand marketers. Upwave's software shows marketers the impact and effectiveness of their brand investments. We use data science and machine learning to answer an age-old question: does brand advertising work? Upwave's enterprise platform is used by the blue-chip marketers like Unilever, Clorox, Verizon, American Express, T-Mobile, Corona, State Farm, Uber, and dozens more. Upwave was launched in Y Combinator and is a fast-growing, post-Series B growth-stage startup. We've raised from leading investors like Uncork Capital, Initialized Capital, Bloomberg Beta, PivotNorth, Industry Ventures, and Conductive Ventures...plus many leading marketing tech Founders & CEOs. The company is based in San Francisco.
2138. keye : Keye is an AI software that lets private equity firms do due diligence for acquisitions faster and more accurately. Our customers can evaluate 10x more deals and fund better companies which leads directly to better returns/more alpha. -- Our system is the first of its kind to instantly generate complex, comprehensive data packs from raw data in any format, directly from the data room. This enables investors to gain an 80% understanding of a potential deal within moments, empowering them to say No to a deal earlier in the process and focus on high-potential opportunities. Traditionally, creating these detailed data packs—like cohort or retention analyses and customer roll-forwards—takes weeks, during which critical details may be overlooked, potentially costing funds millions in missed insights and poor decisions. -- Keye combines cutting-edge AI with deep private equity expertise to deliver powerful, multi-layered insights that go far beyond the simple summarizers and search functions offered by other tools. Our platform dives deep into both quantitative and qualitative due diligence data, offering high-impact analytics crafted specifically for private equity workflows. This isn’t just automation—it’s a purpose-built solution that uncovers actionable insights, fueling smarter decisions and driving true alpha.
2139. slash : Slash is on a mission to become the largest commercial issuer in America. We offer businesses: 1. Deposit accounts with free outgoing wire and ACH transfers. 2. Corporate cards with up to 2% cash back, virtual cards, fine grain spend controls, and controls/automation to save hours of work. 3. Integrations to all major accounting platforms. 4. Detailed spend, income, and other financial analytics.
2140. mintlify : The best developer companies (think Stripe, Twilio, MongoDB) have effective and user-centric documentation at their backbone. Mintlify helps any company achieve the documentation they need effortlessly, so that they can focus on building what they do best.
2141. basedash : Basedash is the AI-native Business Intelligence platform. Create dashboards and instantly understand your customers using natural language. Connect 500+ data sources, ask a question, and let Basedash visualize the answer.
2142. scout-4 : The student information system (SIS) is the core system of record in every K-12 school. It tracks students, attendance, grades, schedules, staff, and more - kind of like the ERP for schools. Legacy SIS providers do just about that, and not much more. School districts layer dozens of tools on top of their SIS to fill in the gaps. Scout is an AI-powered student information system that automates school- and district-wide busywork, from day-to-day operations like attendance tracking to annual compliance reports. Our mission is to help school districts run like high-performing organizations, enabling them to provide high-quality, personalized instruction to every student.
2143. aerones : We have created a robotic system for wind turbine blade maintenance. It can perform tasks such as lightning conductivity testing, high-resolution inspection, drainage hole cleaning, cleaning, painting and leading-edge repair.
2144. swipe-2 : Swipe is a simple billing and payments app for small businesses in India. We make it easy for local businesses to invoice their customers over WhatsApp. With Swipe, businesses can send a WhatsApp message with a link that allows their customers to pay instantly with a variety of payment methods.
2145. milio : Milio is a fully interoperable and immediate payment system for Colombia through a single API connected to millions of accounts. Milio allows companies to perform payable and receivable in real time without ACH rails. We provide our solution through two Plug and Play integrations: PID payment button: End-to-end, white label, native, non-redirection payment technology for your customers to pay you account-to-account more efficiently than PSE, without heavy and inefficient ACH cycles and fixed rates. Technology: API, SDK, Checkout UI. Immediate disbursement: Single API connection to all banks, allowing any company or person to disburse 24/7, in real-time, with immediate crediting of funds to third parties at any bank or digital wallet. Technology: API, Dashboard UI.
2146. glimpse-2 : Glimpse helps retail-first CPG brands automate their cash reconciliation process & fight invalid fees from their retailers & distributors using AI. Imagine a beverage company sold $100k worth of goods to Whole Foods & only got paid $60k. The deducted $40k comes in hundreds of long PDF’s with obscure codes that a team has to manually review every single one of to ensure the fees are valid. A % of these fees are always invalid and brands have to go through a lengthy process to get back money owed to them. We automate this whole process - saving a brand dozens of hours a week & recouping them 2-3% of their topline sales.
2147. simplyinsured : SimplyInsured was founded with one mission: to eliminate fear from health insurance. By changing the way small business owners purchase health insurance with our 100% online platform, we’re transforming a $20 billion dollar industry and delighting thousands of customers. Our unique values-based culture (and extremely talented team) is our core competitive advantage, and each person on our team makes a direct, immediate impact on our business. We value transparency, feedback, bias to action, growth, and an obligation to dissent. Every opinion is respected, we hold each other to extremely high standards, we’re driven by the diversity in our backgrounds, and unified by 100% alignment on our mission. What’s best for the customer is the heart of everything we do, and our customer stories prove it: by changing health insurance we’re literally saving lives. Based in San Francisco, SimplyInsured was founded in 2012 and is back by Bessemer Venture Partners, Polaris Ventures, and Y-Combinator. If you’re up for the challenge of improving health insurance for millions of Americans, we’re just getting started, and we’re growing!
2148. veryfi-inc : Veryfi is a Data Transformation Platform turning Documents into Data in Seconds with Accuracy & Speed Surpassing Humans. Veryfi gives you a fully integrated suite of data transformation products for you to securely capture, extract and transform bills, receipts and invoices into structured data for use in your app, website or backoffice. To learn more https://www.veryfi.com/ ITS TIME TO BUILD Veryfi's developer friendly toolkits enable superior products that automate Expense Management, AP/Bill Pay, Bookkeeping and provide consumer spend behavior in Market Research Invoices, Bills & POs 10 mins of data entry per invoice? No way! 5 seconds and it's done. Untap a goldmine of data down to line-items. Expense Receipts No more painful data entry for expense reimbursement. Bonus: comply with new data privacy regulations. FMCG/CPG Receipts Data is the new oil. Understand consumer spend across retail from SKUs in seconds. Hotel Folios Supercharge your travel & expense management product with a wealth of data minus the tedious data entry. W-2 Tax Form β Extract every drop of tax data from W2s in seconds. Including handwritten notes, checkboxes and multi-lines. Cards β Capture and extract data Credit Cards, Business Cards and Healthcare Insurance Cards in seconds. More: https://www.veryfi.com/
2149. benchmark : Benchmark is the trusted AI platform for investment firms. Today, leading firms use Benchmark to screen deals, extract insights from unstructured data, and automate workflows. Our platform combines cutting-edge AI with deep industry expertise to help investment firms make smarter, faster decisions across their entire deal lifecycle.
2150. one-month : One Month is an accelerated learning platform. Our goal is simple -- empower people to change their lives by learning real-world skills, in a short amount of time. The One Month team is comprised of education thought-leaders and self-taught technology experts working to build the most effective way to learn online.
2151. equipmentshare : EquipmentShare delivers cloud solutions for the construction industry. We provide a better equipment rental experience, fleet tracking software and hardware security solutions to help contractors work smarter.
2152. firebender : Firebender is a free and privacy-first Android Studio AI assistant. One-click install from the IntelliJ plugin marketplace to your IDE. It has context over your codebase and lets you use the best models for asking questions, debugging code, and generating code snippets. Unlike other AI assistants with outdated Android knowledge, Firebender continuously updates its knowledge base with the latest Android SDKs, libraries, and best practices, providing more accurate and relevant assistance for Android development.
2153. union54 : ChitChat by Union54 is an integrated messaging and payments platform designed specifically for Africa's unique needs. Our app combines secure instant messaging with USD card capabilities and cross-border payments, making international money movement more accessible and affordable. We're tackling one of Africa's biggest financial challenges: the high cost of sending money across borders, where African senders often pay double the fees despite sending smaller amounts. As a Y Combinator-backed startup, we're building technology that empowers African consumers and businesses to participate more fully in the global digital economy. Our mission is to create financial products that genuinely serve customer needs while challenging the status quo of traditional remittance providers.
2154. tule : Tule helps farmers make irrigation decisions. Using UC Davis research-based technology, our hardware sensor provides growers with field-scale crop water use measurements (i.e., actual evapotranspiration), crop water stress measurements, applied irrigation measurements, and irrigation recommendations. Using the latest AI technology and our unprecedented crop water stress dataset, our latest product, Tule Vision, provides growers with the water stress of their plants just by taking a picture with their mobile phone.
2155. benson : Benson helps everyday people invest like the rich by helping them identify the best stocks to invest in. We help users know when to buy, how much to invest, and even when to sell.
2156. liyfe : Liyfe remote symptom management platform utilizes Artificial Intelligence (AI) to automate oncology nurse triage pathways and high-risk patient detection. It helps you standardize procedures, streamline existing clinical protocols, reduced ER visits and hospitalizations.
2157. legion-health : Legion Health is a high-quality, AI-enabled psychiatry network where patients receive care from a provider who takes their insurance. We use LLMs and AI agents to improve care quality, streamline operations, enhance patient communications, and more.
2158. goodcover : Goodcover provides its Members with Good Renters Insurance for 50% less than legacy companies and an Annual Dividend of the money left over after claims obligations are met. Goodcover is a Managing General Agent (MGA) that administers personal insurance on behalf of our Membership, a bit like how USAA does it. Member's premiums are pooled and used to pay claims. We take a fixed fee, and the remainder is returned in our Annual Member Dividend. We work with multi-billion dollar capital partners to ensure regulations are followed, adequate claims capital is always available, and we have emergency capacity for catastrophes. Technology allows us to eliminate waste, saving roughly 25% of the cost. We are 100% digital, but not bots - we invest in tech that enables our experts to help Members. As an Invitation Only Membership served by an MGA, **we can give Members Free Insurance** when they invite others, turning our "Marketing Budget" into savings for Members. This eliminates Lizards and Sales Agents, saving the other 25%. We do not use the standard industry models, instead using a multiperil model to more granularly price risk. This means that for a few of you we are more expensive... but everyone else pays much less than they would otherwise pay. Our granular, multiperil model allows us to offer a superior policy over the standard market including: - coverage for if your place is flooded by a neighbor - Replacement Cost Coverage (meaning new stuff for your old) - All Risk coverage for high value items you tell us about - including computers (almost no one does that amazingly) - added coverage for mold removal Our MGA business model allows us to be capital efficient, "renting" capacity as we need it. All this adds up to our government approved pricing being 40-60% cheaper on average than that of our competitors.
2159. momento : In Momento we are going through a challenging regulatory process to become a fully-licensed insurance carrier. By doing so, we will be able to underwrite risk, set prices and, ultimately, become owners of the product. Once approved, around summer 22, we will be in a great position to size the $13bn untapped opportunity of +30 Mn uninsured vehicles – just in Mexico! As we will be able to attack the main pain points in the market: i) antiquated underwriting models and ii) payment conditions only adapted for the affluent. To succeed, we have assembled an elite team with both innovative and experienced profiles. We are three cofounders, two ex-McKinsey and one ex-P&G, and we managed to attract two heavyweights of the Mexican insurance industry: the previous CUO of Zurich Mexico and the previous CFO and VP of Finance of ING and AXA Mexico.
2160. swishjam : Swishjam takes web and product analytics a step further by connecting to all of your disparate systems, stitching that data into your product analytics data, and giving you a complete view of your SaaS business and your customers.
2161. smoothspeak : Smoothspeak is an AI dating coach that you can text. We help you land more dates by improving how you text and speak in romantic scenarios through customized text suggestions and voice role play challenges.
2162. abel : Abel transforms law firm document review workflows, eliminating the need to choose between depth and breadth. Attorneys use Abel to answer nuanced questions based on the context spread across thousands of documents.
2163. coloop : CoLoop is the AI copilot for insights and strategy. We help insights and strategy consultants complete their qualitative analysis in 30% of the time it would take with traditional tools and methods.
2164. barsense : Kyte is an easy parental control application that can be downloaded to any Android phone, activated, and then given to a child. This app allows the child to make pre-approved phone calls and play only authorized games. The child will be unable to leave the app to access the rest of the Android phone’s features. Parents have full control over the applications from the browser and can also track the phone’s GPS online. It has other features that enable parents to turn off SMS and Facebook during school hours, ban apps and games during school and bed time hours, monitor internet usage, prevent the usage of third party browsers, set time limits on games, check call history, track location in real-time, receive email reports about what their child has been doing, and full remote control from their phone, tablet or PC.
2165. bitstack : Bitstack is building a new neobank powered by crypto. Bitstack has gone from a simple product that turns your spare change into bitcoin to a bitcoin-native neobank that is bringing a better way to manage all things money, with better money. We believe getting started with Bitcoin should be simple, fun and accessible to everyone. Bitcoin is an unparalleled financial alternative: a radically new way to transact and store value all around the world. It is a new kind of currency that isn't centrally controlled by any business, government or bank and that cannot be debased. Bitcoin will redefine the future of finance, from payments to savings, and wealth preservation. It is the first open and borderless monetary network with a fixed supply of 21 million, making bitcoin the most scarce financial asset ever.
2166. gigs : At Gigs, we're building the operating system for mobile services - a platform that enables tech companies to seamlessly embed connectivity into their products. Just as Stripe enables businesses to embed a payment button into any product, Gigs enables businesses to add a connect button and issue SIMs with a single click or API call. From fintechs launching mobile services to HRIS platforms offering work phone plans, we automate phone plan provisioning. We're solving complex technical, operational and regulatory challenges to make connectivity truly effortless. We've grown to a team of around 90 people across the US and Europe, bringing together an experienced team of early-stage engineers, product builders and business athletes from companies like Stripe, Airbnb and Shopify. We know what it takes to solve hard problems. With almost $100MM in funding from Ribbit Capital, Google and Y Combinator, Gigs is one of the fastest growing tech companies. Building on our strong foundation, we’re looking for exceptional candidates who want to do the best work of their lives in a high-paced environment, surrounded by a highly talented, ambitious team. You’ll be joining at an exciting inflection point in our company’s history. At sub-100 people and with a year of hyper-growth ahead of us, opportunity is abundant.
2167. albiware-inc : Albiware (Albi) is a B2B SaaS solution for the $100B+ insurance damage repair industry. Albi provides an all-in-one platform for damage repair contractors to manage all aspects of their business including: CRM, project management, field documentation, scheduling, BI, marketing automation, communication, HR management, and much more. Albi is built by contractors who felt the pain that lack of technology brought and set out on a mission to build a SaaS that all insurance damage repair contractors want. Albi helps their customers reduce claims friction between them and the insurance company by providing tools to seamlessly document the work that was performed at projects. Albi helps users sync their communication company-wide through email, text, and phone directly in the platform. Albi helps contractors get paid faster by streamlining the process of a project from first call to completion. Albi also helps their customers make better business decisions through their BI tool with customizable reporting.
2168. warmly : Step 1: We find you warm leads: contacts + companies that are showing interest on your website (via 6sense/Clearbit) and researching you around the web (via Bombora) but haven't converted yet. Step 2: We then auto follow up via chat, email or LinkedIn. Depends what workflows you want to set up - we can AI chat with them on your website, auto AI email them via your sequence provider of choice, and/or auto AI linkedin sequence them. Your humans can verify everything before being sent too. Outcome: 10x more outbound than a human SDR, 3x reply rates since they're warm and more booked meetings (results shown in ROI dashboard). P.S. if you want to use humans: you can send 1-click warm intro requests via your network or live chat/video call them too. This is the power of an autonomous sales orchestration platform and we have 100+ paying customers who can back it up.
2169. hublo : Hublo (www.hublo.com) is making data-driven marketing simpler. It's a super simple tool, allowing marketers to set-up analytics, monitor precisely what's happening on their website and launch remarketing campaigns without relying on their IT teams.
2170. dealyze : Dealyze is an in-store digital custom rewards and referral program with automated marketing tools for small businesses that is proven to bring back customers. Tailored to your specific needs, Dealyze ensures every transaction is a chance to build a relationship. Our mission is to bring a powerful digital marketing platform to any store. We hope to even the playing field by doing our part in building the next generation of business tools. Dealyze has the backing of top-tier investors including Y-Combinator. The company is headquartered in Silicon Valley. Visit www.Dealyze.com to learn more about the company, schedule a demo, or just inquire about joining us.
2171. saatvy : Saatvy is a transparent, personalized and natural wellness platform to manage chronic conditions such as gut/sleep disorder, diabetes, arthritis, and postpartum thyroiditis. We do this by personalizing the health plans which are created by experienced and authentic Ayurveda practitioners. Several people in the USA have trusted us with their natural wellness journeys. The biggest benefit our customers find in the first consultation is understanding the root causes of their health issues, where traditional medicine often falls short. Our Ayurvedic practitioners have decades of experience, with some serving on Ayurveda boards in the USA.
2172. advano : Combining nanotechnology with fundamental chemical engineering principles to accelerate the renewable energy revolution.
2173. juniper : We’re on a mission to make behavioral health more available and accessible. We're backed by a16z, YCombinator, Craft, and many others to make this dream a reality. At Juniper, we build software for behavioral health clinicians to improve quality of care. We streamline and replace manual efforts so clinicians can focus on what they do best: providing high-quality care. — Behavioral health is broken. We think this is a problem worth solving, and we think we know how to solve it. Interested? Check out https://jobs.lever.co/juniperplatform. — Want to say hi? Drop us a line at hello@juniperplatform.com.
2174. rove : Rove is building the first accessible and universal airline mile, redeemable across dozens of international airlines and hotel chains worldwide.
2175. ontop : Ontop allows companies to hire international workers, and we enable those workers to save in USD.
2176. heron-data : At Heron, we use the latest advances in AI and LLMs to automate document-heavy workflows. Our software handles emails, analyzes attachments, and takes actions like updating CRMs or requesting more info. We serve businesses from small companies to FDIC-insured banks in sectors like Small Business Finance and Commercial Insurance.
2177. mobot : Mobot (YC W19) is a QA-as-a-service platform using actual mechanical robots to automate testing of repetitive functions on real mobile devices. Mobot's human-supervised robots make it possible to automate mobile app tests that emulators, virtual devices, and existing frameworks can't. This approach eliminates thousands of hours of manual testing, increases testing efficiency and physical device coverage, and captures more bugs in-app before app store launches than software can do alone.
2178. kalshi : Kalshi (www.kalshi.com) is the first federally regulated exchange where you can trade on the outcome of events. We built Kalshi because we believe that people should be able to capitalize on what they know and have opinions on. We make this possible by expanding what people can trade on and allowing them trade in the domain of everyday knowledge. Kalshi is developing a new asset class, “event contracts,” and a financial exchange for trading on the outcome of events: we are federally regulated by the CFTC as the first-ever legal futures exchange in the U.S. for trading on a broad category of events.
2179. recurrency : Recurrency is reversing enterprise resource planning (ERP) stagnation by building the industry-standard ERP automation platform: blazingly fast and complete with powerful automation tools like intelligent sales recommendations, dynamic pricing, and demand forecasting. Despite distribution being a multi-trillion dollar industry, the legacy ERP systems that exist to help businesses manage their purchasing, inventory, sales, order processing, and accounting are decades behind. For the most part, ERP systems are painfully slow, difficult to use, and soul-crushingly manual. Using Recurrency can boost a distributor’s revenue and profit margins, while reducing waste and saving time. Most importantly, Recurrency is fully integrated with the customer’s legacy system, so deploying Recurrency in production can be done in as little as one day.
2180. saphira-ai : Saphira is the easiest way for hardware products to get safety certified and reach market faster, such as industrial robots and heavy machinery.
2181. garage-2 : Garage is a marketplace for pre-owned equipment, starting with firefighting equipment. Garage helps fire departments buy and sell used equipment in seconds rather than days. Our marketplace handles payments, freight, and financing – making buying and selling equipment easy & secure.
2182. srcbook : What if you could build web apps as easily as you make a Figma design or edit a Google Doc? Enter Srcbook. We've reimagined app development with a state-of-the-art coding agent that builds for our users. Want to launch that app idea? Need to build something for your community? Looking to prototype faster? Start here. We've removed the barriers between idea and execution. Our mission is to empower everyone to build for the web, our vision is personal software.
2183. lightly : When ML teams send their data to companies like Scale.ai for labeling, most can only afford to label 1% or less of their datasets. But today they don’t have a good way to pick which 1% to label. We help them pick the best 1% of their data to label. By labeling the most representative data, they significantly improve model accuracy at the same cost.
2184. guse : Guse is the first fully multiplayer AI canvas for individuals and teams to work on research, writing, reports, and decks. A chat interface excels at straightforward, single-answer tasks, but falls short for more complex, iterative tasks such as compiling reports. Existing AI canvas tools offer a slightly better interface but lack any rich doc editor tooling, multiplayer functionality, or a truly great AI copilot experience. This prevents tangible, collaborative work from actually being done. A Guse canvas has a rich docs editor built in, full multiplayer, and an AI copilot capable of autonomously web searching, writing, and editing any content on the canvas. Individuals or teams can work, iterate, and collaborate on research, reports, etc. - then instantly export any canvas out to any format (yes, even fully fleshed out slides!). If chat was the conversational interface for AI, Guse is the collaborative interface and we look forward to seeing what you use it for. Start your first canvas today at guse.io.
2185. yassir : Yassir is the leading super App in the Maghreb region set to change the way daily services are provided. We currently operate in 45 cities across Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia with recent expansions into France, Canada, and Sub-Saharan Africa, with backing (~$200M in funding) from VCs from Silicon Valley, Europe, and other parts of the world. We offer on-demand services such as ride-hailing and last-mile delivery. Building on this infrastructure, we are now introducing financial services to help our users pay, save and borrow digitally. Helping usher the continent into a digital economy era. We’re not just about serving people - we’re about creating a marketplace to bring people what they need while infusing social values.
2186. fetchr : Fetchr is the first personalized shopping app for clothes. Let Fetchr buy you clothes uniquely tailored to you — without any work.
2187. finni-health : Our platform is simple: we provide everything providers need to go independent, from scheduling and billing to marketing and client support.
2188. aden : Aden is an AI-native, multi-agent ERP platform built for operations leaders to unify their business systems, streamline processes, and efficiently manage objectives. Highly customizable and rapidly deployable, Aden boosts Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) with declarative solutions and intelligent AI agents. Currently, Aden helps over 100 operationally-focused businesses, including supply chain control towers of major global corporations, IT departments of major financial institutions, and other high-impact companies, elevate their efficiency, automate workflows, and scale beyond manual operations.
2189. hubble : Lightdash is an open-source Looker alternative. It's built on top of dbt and lets users centralise all their team's business logic in one place.
2190. agentive : Agentive is an AI workspace for financial and technology audit firms that leverages context-aware AI agents to perform testing procedures from natural language instructions—just like an audit associate. By combining critical workflows such as audit planning, client document requests, and evidence testing into one seamless platform, Agentive streamlines audit processes, reduces inefficiencies, and frees teams to focus on high-impact areas. We're backed by Y Combinator, Foundation Capital, Dell Technologies Capital, Liquid 2 Ventures, Ritual Capital, UpHonest Capital, and other fantastic investors from the public accounting profession.
2191. notable-labs : Notable Labs is building a personalized drug discovery platform to identify treatment options for relapsed and refractory cancer patients — starting with blood cancer — to address the long tail of cancer treatment. We look at a person’s actual cancer cells, test combinations of FDA approved drugs, and see which combinations kill the cancer cells and leave the healthy cells alive. We focus on combinations because cancer is often difficult to target with just one drug and starting with a single drug can lead to resistant clones or relapse. We're building a highly automated lab in Foster City running on our custom software and are currently testing relapsed/refractory cancer patients as well as samples from a variety of pharma/biotech partnerships. https://www.notablelabs.com/careers
2192. probably-genetic : Probably Genetic is changing the lives of patients living with severe, complex diseases. Our data platform is used by drug developers and patient advocacy groups to develop and launch treatments for these patients. Our technology discovers undiagnosed patients online, analyzes their disease state using machine learning and at-home testing, and enables compliant communication with patients. In doing so, we help patients access diagnoses, clinical trials, and treatments as early as possible.
2193. truemetrics : truemetrics helps logistics companies to find their customer's faster. By detecting and mapping entrances, we help GLS, a key logistics company in Europe, save 2-10 minutes on each delivery. The way couriers navigate is broken. “You Have Arrived At Your Destination!” — or so Google Maps thinks. In reality, the way couriers navigate is broken: No parking, hard-to-find entrances, and labyrinth-like apartment and office complexes can turn the last meters of delivery into a time-consuming puzzle. truemetrics provides parking positions and entrance locations to enable faster drop-offs. Our data is generated by analyzing sensor data from drivers' smartphones, allowing truemetrics to identify precise parking and entrance locations, thereby simplifying the last meters of delivery.
2194. zuddl : Zuddl is a modular platform for events and webinars that helps event marketers plan and execute events that drive growth. Event teams from global organizations like Microsoft, Google, ServiceNow, Zylo, Postman, TransPerfect and the United Nations trust Zuddl. Our modular approach to event management lets B2B marketers and conferences organizers decide which components they need to build the perfect event and scale their event program. Zuddl is an outcome-oriented platform with a focus on flexibility, and is more partner, less vendor. FUNDING Zuddl being a part Y-Combinator 2020 batch has raised $13.35 million in Series A funding led by Alpha Wave Incubation and Qualcomm Ventures with participation from our existing investors GrowX ventures and Waveform Ventures.
2195. reducto : Reducto offers robust and reliable document ingestion for any workflow. Our API allows you to convert complex, unstructured documents into structured outputs that are perfect for RAG, process automation, and more.
2196. firstbase-io : Incorporation, compliance, bookkeeping, and taxes – all in one place.
2197. gordian-software : Our APIs enable the world's leading travel organizations to delight travelers and increase revenue. Our customers are companies like Priceline, Hopper and Trip.com, and we support over 140 airlines including partnerships with Lufthansa Group, United Airlines, and Singapore Airlines. Gordian has grown rapidly and serves more than 60 million passengers per month. Launched in 2017, Gordian is backed by Y Combinator, Accomplice, Vinyl, Kinnevik, DST Global Partners, Latitude, and Naval Ravikant. For more information, visit gordiansoftware.com
2198. onetext : OneText is disrupting SMS marketing and payments. We win incremental sales for direct to consumer brands by making every purchase as effortless as paying with your hotel room number. OneText shoppers literally reply and buy with one text. In our first year, we’ve onboarded 50 fast-growing e-commerce brands and have added as much as 14% in incremental revenue to their bottom lines. In March, we generated $597,000 dollars in payments. In April, we’ll book $50,000 dollars in revenue. Founders Jonathan Fudem/CEO and Daniel Brain/CTO met at PayPal Checkout where we designed and launched some of the world’s best checkout experiences. We left PayPal to build a payments company that actually helps merchants acquire customers and win sales. The CMO of our largest customer, a $90M clothing brand, says we have revolutionized marketing for his company, and are, quote: “the best thing that’s happened to SMS marketing in forever.” We are excited to share what you can do with OneText.
2199. extern : At Extern, we’re solving the experience gap. Extern created the remote Externship, a skill-building work experience that is easier for students to access, and easier for companies to run, than an internship. Our mission is to help anyone discover and launch their career through professional experiences available anywhere at any time. Since 2020, we’ve created and powered Externships on behalf of companies from Fortune 500s to startups that have enabled tens of thousands of students to build real experience and open doors to incredible opportunity. After spending $100K on average for a 4-year degree, graduates find that almost 40% of entry level jobs on Linkedin required 3+ years of work experience. Internships are how many college students get this kind of experience, but the demand for good internships outstrips the supply. Internship programs are difficult to scale, they favor students who already have social capital, and they’re time-consuming for employers to run. Externships are short, online, project-based work experiences that employers can offer to hundreds of students using less resource and employee time than it would take to support an intern. Extern makes the complex process of running an Externship completely turnkey with software and industry experts which in turn makes professional experience more accessible to more students. By making work experience more accessible, Extern is driving the rapid mobility and upskilling needed for a new economy. We envision a world where anyone can access work experience as a form of education – no matter their background, experience, or socio-economic status. Come join our movement to reshape work, education, and credentialing for future generations with the Externship. Extern was born out of a pivot from Paragon One (W17) which initially focused on providing students with a career center-as-a-service platform, connecting them with industry professionals to receive career coaching and guidance. Backed by Y Combinator, Foundation Capital, Launch Fund, University Ventures, and Learn Capital.
2200. sepal-ai : Sepal AI works with the world’s leading experts for developing advanced capability training data, expert annotations, and bespoke model evaluations. Our team comes from Turing, Vercel, McKinsey, and Bain. At Turing, we built the LLM training business and products to support $100+M revenue for companies like OpenAI, Google, and Anthropic. We learned that data development for advanced AI use cases is more complex and has unique needs different from traditional label generation Foundational AI companies and large enterprises that we worked with, like OpenAI, PepsiCo, and Johnson &Johnson, don't have the data they need to train models to produce value for highly technical use cases. Which means they’re not going to unlock the value from AI without a partner. We are working with the most influential companies of our time to develop models and systems that extend human knowledge and capabilities.
2201. dexterity : Dex is the intelligent layer for flexible data collection. Static touchpoints can’t keep up—surveys and forms must evolve into dynamic systems that optimize processes, adapt to interactions, and deliver tailored insights 24/7. Let’s build the foundation for AI-driven, user-first experiences.
2202. typewise : Typewise develops text prediction software for customer service and sales teams. Our enterprise clients such as DPD (a Fortune 500 logistics company) use Typewise to communicate with their customers faster and more effectively.
2203. getcrux : GetCrux is the AI Creative Strategist to launch winning ads. Creatives have become the biggest lever to win on ad platforms. Yet, there is no clear way to figure out why something works. Marketers end up guessing and replicating the best performing ad, only to see it fail - with high CAC & wasted dollars. GetCrux helps performance marketers find winning patterns in their ad creatives across 100+ parameters like hooks, messaging, storyline, music, pacing, and recommend exactly what to launch next.
2204. powder : Powder is an AI tool that helps wealth advisors rapidly create sales proposals that are personalized for each prospective client. Using LLMs, Powder is able to automate a series of manual tasks such as understanding documents and conversations to create mind-blowing analysis that builds immediate trust. Powder has 3 main features to automate sales workflows - 1. Brokerage, tax and estate document parser thats fast and accurate. 2. Meeting notetaker thats able to capture personalized insights. 3. Portfolio analysis tool that optimizes portfolio returns, risk and fees. Our app saves hours of time and creates a pinpoint proposal that lifts a firm's ability to win new business.
2205. furtherai : FurtherAI is building a workforce of AI Teammates for the insurance industry to handle repetitive manual tasks involving unstructured data processing and data entry across disjointed systems. Our first AI Teammate handles quote generation workflows for insurance brokers & MGAs.
2206. community-phone-company : Community Phone Company YC W19 built a simple cloud phone system that runs inside of landlines Our solution lets a business or family get all modern voice features (re-route if busy, greeting menu and IVR, programmable caller ID, cloud voicemail, etc) on their existing desk phone and existing cell phones. All employees onboard instantly, no wifi required, no app to download.
2207. alpha-vantage : Alpha Vantage provides enterprise-grade financial market data through a set of powerful and developer-friendly data APIs and spreadsheets. Whether you need traditional asset classes (e.g., stocks, ETFs, commodities), economic metrics, foreign exchange rates, cryptocurrencies, fundamental data or even technical indicators, Alpha Vantage is your one-stop shop for global market data delivered through REST APIs.
2208. lattice : Lattice is people success software that empowers leaders to build engaged and high- performing teams, inspire winning cultures, and make strategic, data-driven business decisions. Our software helps nearly 4,000 companies globally align employees to the most critical objectives, measure and reward performance, and create an effective feedback loop between employees and managers.
2209. hona : Hona is a software application that allows for businesses to automatically keep their clients up to date as to the status of their service. Alongside these updates, clients will have a unique user interface that will allow them to see the important milestones within their service and also receive education as to how it works and the next steps. Beyond the updates and education, Hona serves as a tool for clients to upload documents, directly communicate with the business, leave reviews and feedback to the business, and more. The long-term vision for Hona is to be the all in solution for client experience management used across many different industries. Clients will have one app to communicate and interact with multiple different businesses. As clients enjoy the use of Hona with one business, they will yearn to use it with other businesses. Additionally, the seamless integration between the business's CRM and Hona makes it desirable for the business to use as well.
2210. betterbasket : BetterBasket helps grocers with pricing, powered by competitive data. Our founding team worked together at Uber Eats growing the dark store business in Asia to $100 million in revenue and making it profitable, and are now building BetterBasket to bring those learnings to all grocers.
2211. flagright : Flagright helps fintechs & banks monitor, screen, investigate, and report their transactions & customers against financial crime risks with a best-in-class AML compliance software. Catering to a diverse clientele across various financial sectors, we serve customers across 6 continents. Flagright is a pioneer in the application of generative AI for AML compliance operations with its AI suite, Flagright AI, delivering unmatched scalability and extreme performance. Our products are designed to help our customers scale volume without scaling headcount and grow faster.
2212. explorex : The Indian restaurant industry has already adopted technology to adapt to the growing demands and match the expectations of today's customers but the absence of a full-stack cloud-based software is extremely frustrating to business owners today. The existing systems lack modularity, lack the ability to integrate with services, and hence aren't plug and play. Also, Restaurants are extremely frustrated with all the 5-6 independent systems that don't talk to each other. We are solving these problems by building a full-stack solution for the 30 million+ restaurants in India, by solving order management, operations management, online delivery, payment processing, reports & analytics, and guest identification and re-engagement all using one system - Explorex.
2213. sequin : Sequin (Y Combinator) is the first debit card designed to reward women where we're spending with up to 6% cashback on beauty, drugstores, gyms, local salons, and more! Cardmembers gain access to high interest checking, financial education, and a community of ambitious women. Plus, each Sequin Card is customized with a money mantra! Vrinda Gupta, the founder and CEO, launched the Chase Sapphire Reserve at Visa, where she was rejected from the credit card she built! She learned that 70% of women today were making avoidable financial mistakes like she was, and embarked on a mission to close gender-based financial gaps. She teamed up with ex-PayPal engineering leader, Mark Thomas, co-founder and CTO, to build a membership-based banking designed to empower women financially. Sequin is backed by high-profile investors such as the Schwab Family, Y Combinator, and IDEO Ventures and is an official Visa partner. The team plans to expand its offerings into a $65B largely untapped market for women's financial products from first bank account to retirement products.
2214. rippling : Rippling gives businesses one place to run HR, IT, and Finance. It brings together all of the workforce systems that are normally scattered across a company, like payroll, expenses, benefits, and computers. For the first time ever, you can manage and automate every part of the employee lifecycle in a single system. Take onboarding, for example. With Rippling, you can hire a new employee anywhere in the world and set up their payroll, corporate card, computer, benefits, and even third-party apps like Slack and Microsoft 365—all within 90 seconds. Based in San Francisco, CA, Rippling has raised $1.2B from the world’s top investors—including Kleiner Perkins, Founders Fund, Sequoia, Greenoaks and Bedrock.
2215. hockeystack : HockeyStack improves sales outcomes for B2B companies by helping them record and understand every interaction their customers have with their marketing, sales reps, CSMs, and products. We map every customer touchpoint from ad impression to closed won and to upsell using our own tracking script and native integrations to the B2B GTM tech stack. Building this source of truth allow us to give companies previously hidden insights that generate incremental revenue, such as: - Deploy marketing budget: "Launch this ad campaign to this audience to generate $XM in pipeline" - Target the right accounts with the right messaging: "These accounts have the highest likelihood to convert, put them on this email sequence" - Convert more of the pipeline: “Pied Piper hasn't visited the site for 8 days; give Jim a phone call”
2216. copilot : Copilot's mission is to power the next generation of modern service companies. We help marketing agencies, accounting firms, and many other types of businesses to sell and deliver their services online.
2217. true-link : True Link exists to provide life-changing financial solutions for people with complex needs and the people who care for them. We founded the company to make life better for our own loved ones, and we’re honored to serve vulnerable elders, people with disabilities, and people in recovery – and their families and professional caregivers – day in and day out. We’re a caring, diverse, values-driven company, with customers who say things like, “Your company saved my marriage,” “If not for True Link my Son would have returned to substance use,” and “This is the single best product I have ever experienced.” We’re a fast-growing fintech startup that also gets to provide our customers a life-changing solution to some of the most deeply personal, important problems in their lives.
2218. nowadays : Nowadays is an AI copilot that automates the boring parts of planning corporate events. For example, our AI can contact venues by email and phone to get availability, deal with back-and-forth negotiations, and present the best options.
2219. spaceium-inc : Spaceium builds fully automated space stations to refuel and repair spacecraft. We have secured $86.1 million in binding commercial contracts and have an additional $230 million in the pipeline. Additionally, we have 1 billion dollars in letters of intent. We have successfully tested our hardware, which will launch to space next year. Our fully automated space stations will efficiently store and transfer both cryogenic (extremely cold) and non-cryogenic fuels with zero loss during storage and transfer. And they can transfer fuel seamlessly to any spacecraft design using our proprietary modular robotic arm. Our customers include launch vehicles, orbital transfer vehicles, moon landers, and spacecraft that benefit from increased payload capacity and extended travel capabilities. Our long-term vision is to build service hubs along the space superhighway to connect Earth to Moon and Mars and help humanity to become multi multi-planetary species
2220. apriora : Apriora conducts live interviews with an AI recruiter. Companies use us to get the best hiring signal on their applicant pool and hire in a fraction of the time. Our AI recruiter has a live conversation over a video call with each of your candidates based on the interview questions you choose or that are recommended based on the job description. During the interview, our AI asks personalized follow-up questions in real-time based on the candidate's responses. Our AI recruiter can be customized to your roles in minutes and has already conducted thousands of interviews across engineering, IT, retail, hospitality, and more.
2221. latent : At Latent, we're building medical language models to tackle the trillions of operational overhead weighing down healthcare. Our flagship product streamlines authorizations for life-saving drugs by analyzing EHR records and surfacing the most relevant data. We've built our product and signed enterprise contracts with some of the largest health systems in the US.
2222. clipboard-health : Clipboard Health exists to lift as many people up the socioeconomic ladder as possible. We dramatically improve lives by letting healthcare professionals turn extra time and ambition into career growth and financial opportunity. We achieve this with our app-based marketplace that connects healthcare facilities and healthcare professionals, allowing healthcare professionals to book on-demand shifts and healthcare facilities to access on-demand talent. Our mission is to enable healthcare professionals to work when and where they want and to enable healthcare facilities to meet their talent needs. Clipboard Health is a fast-growing Series C startup with classic two-sided network effects. We have product-market fit, generate substantial revenue, and we are helping nurses fix healthcare one shift at a time. Clipboard Health is a diverse and inclusive company with a global, remote-first team of hundreds of people. We’ve been featured on YC’s Top Companies and grown our revenue 25x in the last 18 months. We need your help to keep growing so we can serve more healthcare professionals, healthcare facilities, and patients.
2223. biodock : Biodock's cloud platform accelerates microscopy analysis, automating months of microscopy analysis and infrastructure to minutes with our end-to-end AI architecture. Scientists enjoy auto-scaling storage, GPU compute, and 30-50% more accurate analysis. We're building an amazing experience to translate microscopy images to therapeutic insights for academic and enterprise scientists.
2224. yuma-ai : ## What is Yuma AI? Yuma is automating customer support by providing an AI Support Agent orchestration platform. Yuma provides autonomous AI agents dedicated to customer service and e-commerce. We integrate directly with help desk software (Zendesk, Kustomer, Gorgias, etc.) and focus on helping large Shopify merchants deal with their high volume of support requests. Top merchants using Yuma can automate up to 60% of their support tickets fully autonomously. ## Why do Shopify merchants need Yuma? There are thousands of large Shopify merchants around the world generating $10M+ a year. Most of them have taken over some niches and are great at what they do: selling their products. But they all have one thing in common: they all hate customer support. It's a burden for them and a huge source of cost, as they receive hundreds of requests per day. Some of them have dozens of support agents on staff, usually offshore, and the overall quality is still often pretty poor while staff turnover remains high. Those merchants have been promised automation for years but have always been disappointed by the outcome. As customers, we have all had to live through a terrible support automation experience before, so this is no secret, and everyone knows that the current state of the technology is quite bad. ## Yuma is solving this in a few ways: Yuma isn't just another RAG chatbot. Our platform provides autonomous AI agents dedicated to support and ecommerce. These agents are powered by knowledge, follow processes, and are managed by our in-house AI orchestration technology. This ensures safety, control, and quality at every step. We believe that to truly automate customer support, we must develop a platform that mimics the actions of a human support agent. That's exactly what we've been doing. Currently, our top merchants are automating 60% of their support tickets through Yuma. Yuma can fetch information from external services and take actions in other apps as needed to resolve each ticket. We are laser-focused on building the best AI support agent platform and aim to achieve 80% true automation in the next few months. ## Fun Fact Yuma got started by accident. This is my third YC startup after Socialcam (W12) and Triplebyte (S15). I released Yuma as a prototype for fun in mid-December 2022 and was overwhelmed with demo requests. That's when I knew I was onto something and had to turn this into a real company, once again.
2225. gromo : GroMo (YC W21) is building India's largest financial products distribution company. GroMo has built a network of 1.2 million agents on its platform. GroMo has built a tech-enabled social commerce platform that helps agents not only improve access to better financial products for consumers, but also bridge the financial literacy gap by helping them choose the right offerings. Currently, GroMo is distributing a broad spectrum of 100+ financial products across Insurance, Investments, Credit Cards, Loans, Saving & Demat accounts, etc. from brands such as IDFC Bank, Jupiter Money, Axis Bank, Freecharge, etc.
2226. centauri-ai : Centauri AI is a modern ETL and Data Science platform for banks and investment firms, starting with Structured Finance. Financial firms heavily rely on Excel, PDF, and PPT files to exchange complex asset details, leading analysts to spend hours crunching the files and extracting insights. Moreover, these data files and reports cannot be easily reused due to poor data infrastructure. Powered by AI, our product cuts hours of data wrangling work down to minutes and makes it possible to query past data easily. This helps firms evaluate assets faster and win more deals. Since launching last month, we've started a pilot with a brokerage team at a public investment bank that now uses our product daily. Aiming to serve over 100,000 investment teams needing complex data analysis for alternative investments, this opens up a potential $5 billion market.
2227. artisan : At Artisan, we're creating AI Employees, called Artisans, and software which is beautiful, easy to use, and replaces the endless stack of point solutions. We're starting with outbound sales. Our platform contains every tool needed for outbound sales - B2B data, AI email sequences, deliverability optimization tools and so much more. Ava, our AI BDR, operates within our platform. She automates: - Lead discovery with access to over 300M B2B contacts - Lead research, with 10s of data sources - Choosing a sales strategy and writing + sending hyper-personalized emails - Managing deliverability with a suite of tools - from email warmup to placement tests We're on a mission to create the final boss of software, with every SaaS product needed for sales and AI employees consolidated together in one exceptional platform. This is the next Industrial Revolution.
2228. rejoy-health : Our AI-powered healthcare information platform leverages LLMs to deliver accurate, up-to-date medical knowledge
2229. tennr : Tennr is a first-of-its-kind automations platform built to handle the nuances of human-decision making within healthcare operations.
2230. oneleet : Oneleet helps companies become secure and compliant through an all-in-one solution that combines automated tools and human expertise. Oneleet has built the second generation of security compliance automation software, providing tools that go beyond what is classically provided for just compliance alone. Tools like a code security scanner, attack-surface management, access reviews and trust portal are all built in. As the most popular, highest rated and most frequently used platform in the YC community, Oneleet has quickly established itself as the preferred and superior alternative to other incumbents. The founder behind Oneleet has spent the past 10+ years helping companies become more secure by performing penetration tests.
2231. perch-credit : Altro (altro.io) is a platform that enables members to build credit no matter who they are, where they are from, or their history of credit access/score. We serve the 68M people in the US (mainly Women and POC) who are denied credit due to historical bias and the lack of access that current banks provide to credit building and tools. (It wasn't until The Equal Credit Opportunity Act in the 1970's that Women and "Minorities" could even get fair access to credit)! Altro has created a mobile that allows anyone to have access to credit, using their subscriptions as a means to start building their credit score. Altro lends to members a $75 Line of Credit to pay for their subscriptions, such as Netflix, Hulu, HelloFresh, etc. This card is built to solely work on the subscriptions that the member is already paying for, allowing them to securely use their $75 credit to build their credit using things they are already paying for. Doing this empowers folx who were denied credit a way to start building their score and financial power. Altro will service millions of people in not only building their credit, but also gaining access to the tools (such as personal loans, emergency funds, car/house loans and more) that they could not access prior.
2232. permitflow : Intuitive workflow software that helps general contractors and developers identify the optimal permitting process and needed application forms for a particular project, and then easily fill the relevant paperwork to prepare a robust application package.
2233. algotest : AlgoTest is an algorithmic options trading platform for Indian retail traders. For the first time ever, day traders will be able to trade using the same technology as the top hedge funds and high-frequency trading firms of the world. The company is founded by Raghav Malik (Financial Engineering @ Columbia Univ), an HFT technologist and former options market-maker in the US; and Rajat Jaiswal (IIT Delhi CSE), who built their scalable algorithmic testing platform while still in college.
2234. wand-solar : Wand Solar enables Solar Revenue for Income Properties owners. By empowering landlords to sell solar energy directly to tenants, we make it a no-brainer for landlords to adopt solar energy.
2235. sphinx : Sphinx automates the manual work of compliance analysts. Our AI agents make AML decisions, helping banks and fintech eliminate onboarding bottlenecks.
2236. awesomic : Awesomic matches companies with top & vetted product talents in 24 hours. Find your designers, engineers or no-coders in a few clicks. They deliver you results through our app, every 24 business hours guaranteed, for a flat monthly subscription. Successfully matched 4000+ companies, including 400+ YC startups, with their talents who completed over 14 000 projects in the app. Book a live demo here: https://www.awesomic.com/demo Portfolio – https://www.awesomic.com/portfolio Cases – https://www.awesomic.com/case-study
2237. intercept : Intercept lets CPG brands challenge incorrect charges from retail chains. It ingests all of a brand’s fees across their retailer portals and emails, flags the fees that can be disputed, and automates away the mundane tasks involved in fee disputes. What previously took a team of people is now manageable by a single person.
2238. fathom : Instead of trying to hurriedly take notes while also having a conversation, you simply push a button in our app whenever you hear something important, like a piece of product feedback or action item. In real-time our system records, transcribes, and creates clips from the parts of the conversation you tagged that can share with your team or use to write post-call notes.
2239. prism-labs : 
2240. vetnio : Veterinarians spend 40% of their time on admin work, >20% on note taking alone. We're here to change that so they can focus on what really matters - providing the best care possible for animals.
2241. kalam-labs : Kalam Labs is India's First Kids Space Organization. We are creating a place where kids take part in actual ambitious space missions. The Missions are done with India's Top Space Organizations: - Unfurling India's Flag in Space with Hrithik Roshan - Building a Stratospheric Retrieval Drone with IIT-Kanpur - Building a Navigable Balloon TIFR Kids get to work on these missions at their home by our Kalam Labs-Space Kits and by playing our Kalam Labs app.
2242. shield-bio : Shield Bio is a precision medicine company with a proprietary platform that enables reliable nanopore sequencing in under a minute, in a clinical setting. It is focused on bringing 3rd generation or "nanopore" sequencing into clinical use to deliver on the promise of precision medicine. Shield is initially using the technology to improve the treatment of infectious disease and address the unmet clinical need of sepsis, which kills 300,000 people a year in the US alone.
2243. hyperdx : HyperDX assists engineers in resolving production bugs more quickly with simple workflows that take you from alert to resolution. You can get set up in a matter of minutes and correlate debug telemetry all in one place, including logs, metrics, traces, and browser session replays, allowing you to resolve issues faster than ever before. HyperDX is open source and built on top of Clickhouse and S3, so customers can enjoy ten times the savings when compared to traditional vendors like Datadog.
2244. outset : Outset offers AI-powered user interviews to conduct qualitative research. Traditional surveys are fast but lack depth while live interviews produce high quality data but are slow and expensive. Outset uses LLMs to lead interviews and synthesize results so researchers get high quality data 100 times faster.
2245. berry : Berry offers an AI CSM that scales customer success for SaaS companies. Every post-sales organization faces the challenge of scaling customer success without having to hire more. Berry combines the best of the two worlds - taking the white-glove onboarding experience and offering it at scale. Our AI CSM onboards, trains and grows accounts for you non-stop. It’s a 10x hire to your team - at a fraction of the cost.
2246. plutto : Plutto gathers all the information and documents needed to verify and identify any business in LatAm. We process this information and provide insights to your on-boarding or compliance teams so they can make better decisions. This increases on-boarding speed from weeks to minutes and automates highly manual processes such as requesting and reading documents.
2247. tumult : Tumult Inc. makes the next generation of designer tools to produce beautiful web content.
2248. dodo : Dodo develops AI employees for specialty clinics, starting with veterinarians, fine-tuned on industry-specific knowledge and trained on protocols taken directly from employee manuals and playbooks, which often span multiple binders. Clinics hire Dodo's labor-as-a-software to handle front and back-office tasks, enabling clinics to provide 24/7 service. Dodo answers calls, sends medical records, and refills prescriptions—fully autonomously, with no human in the loop.
2249. prohostai : ProhostAI is building an AI Property Manager for short-term rental hosts on Airbnb and other platforms. Our team consists of an ex-Airbnb Staff Data Scientist and Dropbox Sr Software Engineer who are also Superhosts with 9 properties worth $15M making $1.5M/yr.
2250. embrace : *S19 and YCG F21* Engineering teams shouldn’t be in the dark when it comes to the performance of their mobile apps and user experiences. With our industry-leading mobile observability technology, Embrace aims to give SRE and DevOps teams better insight into what matters most – their users – by tying mobile performance data to backend observability insights. As the only user-focused, mobile-first observability solution built on OpenTelemetry, Embrace delivers crucial insights across both DevOps and mobile teams to illuminate real customer impact – not just server impact – to deliver the best app experiences. Customers like The New York Times, Marriott, Warby Parker, Masterclass, Home Depot, and Cameo love Embrace’s mobile observability platform because it makes extremely complicated and voluminous data actionable.
2251. storia-ai : With AI increasingly automating away code generation, software engineers will spend more time reading, judging, and architecting code rather than writing it. Storia is building an open-source copilot that knows a company's codebase and its context. We are starting with Sage, a Perplexity-like agent for helping developers understand, judge, and generate software. Given an existing codebase, developers can ask Sage questions such as: 1) Given my project’s SLA and latency constraints, what is the appropriate underlying vector database to use? How would I incorporate it into my existing codebase? 2) Why should I pick Redis over Milvus as my underlying vector store? 3) Does this codebase in our organization still work and what steps are required for a complex integration with another library? Sage’s answers are directly supported by documentation and external references like GitHub, Stack Overflow, technical design documents, and project management software, preventing hallucinations. Today, Sage has up-to-date knowledge about open-source repositories (indexed daily). Tomorrow it will have a deep understanding of every line of code on the Internet. For teams, Sage will know about your private codebase too. No group has yet solved how to build an AI system that comprehends a codebase and its context and can empower every developer to architect better code, faster. This requires new research advances because vanilla RAG and out-of-the-box LLMs aren’t going to cut it. We have 20+ years of software engineering and AI research experience. Julia worked on precursors of Gemini using contextual neural techniques before they were called “RAG” (and applied it to products like Google Keyboard and Pixel phones). Mihail built the earliest LLMs at Amazon Alexa and launched the first contextual deep learning conversational AI system in production at Alexa.
2252. campfire-applied-ai-company : Campfire is building the next generation of games powered by AI. Our first product is a game with LLM-based AI agents at the heart of the gameplay experience along with the tools to realize these worlds. Advent of AI is going to change entertainment more than 3D rendering or the internet. We're following in foot steps of Pixar and Epic Games in creating a paradigm shifting company at the intersection of creativity and technology.
2253. daybreak-health : Daybreak offers comprehensive and clinically-validated online mental health services designed for youth, like teletherapy, psychiatry and digital education. We partner with schools and pediatric groups to make access to services easy, and strive to deliver zero cost to the end consumer through insurance and government funding.
2254. blast : Blast helps large enterprises build safe and reliable LLM apps. We provide a platform to help enterprises rigorously evaluate and turn their generative AI prototypes into reliable apps that can be confidently deployed at scale.
2255. radical : Radical makes high-altitude solar-powered aircraft. Our aircraft fly at 70,000 feet, autonomously navigating in the stratosphere. They can be used to provide cell service, collect multi-spectral imagery, or to carry weather and climate sensors. Our aircraft offer an inexpensive, zero-emissions way to connect and observe earth like never before. Prior to Radical, our founders worked together for 6 years developing Amazon’s delivery drones.
2256. adni : Adni is the first AI-powered nurse recruiting and retention platform. With our professional network of nurses and talent experience software, employers who use Adni hire nurses 2x faster and retain them 2x longer – all 4x cheaper than alternatives. What Doximity (IPO 2021) did for doctors, Adni is doing for nurses.
2257. humanloop : Humanloop is the LLM evals platform for enterprises. Teams at Gusto, Vanta and Duolingo use Humanloop to ship reliable AI products. We enable you to adopt best practices for prompt management, evaluation and observability.
2258. litnerd : Litnerd is a kids reading + writing club app that grew by 14x this past school year. Think of us as a modern-day Scholastic, with a heavy IP play. We create original IP with our community + partner brands -> turn them into books, media and learning curriculum, layered with an AI personalized tutor to help kids learn to read and write in a personalized and engaging way. Our product format is a Social and Gamified - with a live weekly community meetup and monthly e-tournaments. - And it works! Litnerd 4x improved the pass rate of students on their annual state Reading (ELA) exam. - STICKY: Kids spend 10-20 minutes on the Litnerd app OUTSIDE of classroom time. - KID AUTHORS: Kids are the authors of the books and Litnerd AI helps illustrate + publish the book. - Built on the Science of Reading - Original IP: all books, media and courseware is original content created and published by Litnerd.
2259. imbue : Imbue builds AI systems that reason and code, enabling AI agents to accomplish larger goals and safely work in the real world. We train our own foundation models optimized for reasoning and prototype agents on top of these models. By using these agents extensively, we gain insights into improving both the capabilities of the underlying models and the interaction design for agents. We aim to rekindle the dream of the *personal* computer, where computers become truly intelligent tools that empower us, giving us freedom, dignity, and agency to pursue the things we love.
2260. mosaicvoice : MosaicVoice makes it easy for call centers to automate their Quality Assurance function. Our software listens to customer conversations in real-time and identifies and alerts agents and managers to any compliance violations as they happen
2261. coval : Coval is a simulation & evaluation platform for autonomous AI agents, helping engineers launch dependable assistants across chat, voice, and other modalities. We simulate thousands of scenarios engineers don't have to manually test their agents. Our CI/CD evaluations automatically simulate and detect regressions.
2262. wanderlog : Wanderlog is the one-stop app for planning your next vacation, with a focus on excellent design. You can track your plans in our collaborative document, discover new places to visit and hotels to book, and share travel advice with friends and fellow travelers.
2263. fingo-africa : Fingo is building a pan-African digital bank. Today, most Africans pay 5-15% fees to transfer money to friends, family, or businesses - with Fingo these fees will be 90% cheaper. In 240 seconds, any young person will be able to access a full suite of financial services including personal, business, investment and savings accounts.
2264. aviator : Aviator is a developer tool that automates merge workflows and keeps builds healthy. Engineers save up to 5 hours a week and avoid frustration of broken builds. Our users include Slack, Bosch, Lightspeed, Square, Benchling, Figma and many others. For instance, Slack went from 180 master-build failures per quarter to just 1 build failure when they started using Aviator. Our goal is to become the leading brand for developer experience.
2265. couple : TenthBit Inc. was founded in 2012, in sunny California. The founders, having been disconnected from their significant others while being a part of the YC program, found that they were repurposing many other services to talk to their partners. After many frustrating skype calls, and international text messages, they decided to build Couple. The app now has over two million downloads on iOS and Android and has helped couples send over a billion messages to each other.
2266. pocketsuite : PocketSuite is a YC-backed mobile platform for service businesses, ranging from fitness trainers, photographers, and home cleaners to dog trainers, hairstylists, therapists, and life coaches. Businesses use PocketSuite to get booked, paid, and message their clients. We make the work of running your own business simple for solo operators and small teams. PocketSuite empowers the U.S. market of 20 million service professionals generating $800 billion in sales with a mobile cloud solution for running their business. Thousands of businesses run on PocketSuite. Over 500,000 clients book and pay their Pros on PocketSuite today and we're growing fast.
2267. siphox-health : We are developing a new paradigm for consumer health tech wearables by replacing a 100lb optical instrument with an area of silicon smaller than a postage stamp.
2268. multiverse : Multiverse is a web-based game creation system inspired by Dungeons & Dragons and Roblox with a marketplace for assets from A-list creators. We've already partnered with several prominent creators who have millions of followers and millions in revenue, and they're bringing their audiences to Multiverse. We charge 30-60% of those sales based on how much we help the creators make the content. Check out our [gameplay trailer here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rPwwhw03HO7uda_YDXBfKfvCZ_fHV795/view?usp=sharing). The best way to get Multiverse is to play it. If you're into games, creativity and representation, hit us up and we'll play with you.
2269. axis : Axis is a knowledge base of government regulations and officials that helps large companies do business in foreign markets. For example, if you want to operate in Saudi Arabia - our software tells you which laws you need to comply with and which officials you need approvals from. We currently cover major markets in Europe, Middle East, and Africa
2270. great-question : Great Question puts customer research on autopilot - from recruiting participants, scheduling interviews, sending surveys or prototype tests - and sharing what you learn with your team. Companies like Adidas Runtastic, O'Reilly Media & MainStreet use us to put their customers at the center of their product, design & marketing decisions.
2271. shimmer : Shimmer provides ADHD coaching to people with ADHD or executive function challenges. Shimmer was born from a group of ADHD coaches, psychiatrists, doctors, and engineers to create a personalized, action-oriented playground for you and your coach to explore. We're not another list, calendar, or app: we're real human interactions paired with expert strategies, so that you can make real changes in your life. Come check us out! Our ADHD coaches partner with you to co-design a plan to achieve your goals. You'll experiment with strategies on a weekly basis to implement a routine fit specifically for you. Our program has been designed off science-backed methods in partnership with NYU, UC Berkeley, and UCSF. Get your free ADHD Mastery Score > https://www.shimmer.care/assessment
2272. openlayer : Openlayer helps you test and monitor high-quality AI systems.
2273. jasper-ai : Launched in February 2021, Jasper is an AI content platform that helps creators and companies of all types expand their creative potential. Over 105,000 active customers are using Jasper to break through writer’s block, repackage their content, create original art, and adjust writing for language and tone. The interest in AI continues to grow and we are at the forefront of teaching the world how to leverage artificial intelligence as a creative partner. We are building teams that will pioneer the content generations space even further.
2274. infisical : Infisical is an open-source platform to manage secrets and configs across your team and infrastructure. Infisical stores your secrets and injects them back into your development workflow, CI/CD pipelines, and cloud infrastructure. It comes with secrets versioning, point-in-time recovery, audit logging, automatic secret rotation capabilities, and more.
2275. confido : Confido is a next-generation financial automation and intelligence platform that helps fast-growing CPG brands operate and scale more efficiently.
2276. vaultpay : Vaultpay is building a digital banking platform for 30 million smartphone users in DRC and the country's largest agent network. For example, a young Congolese entrepreneur who just won a subcontract with a major mining company can now easily open a personal and business account, receive payments, all from their smartphone, instead of spending hours at bank branches.
2277. stacksync : Stacksync powers real-time and bidirectional data synchronization between CRMs (e.g. Salesforce, Hubspot or SAP) and databases (e.g. Postgres, Google BigQuery,...). Edits made in your CRM will instantly update in your Database, and vice-versa. To set up a sync, users simply have to connect the two chosen apps in one click and select the tables they want to sync, no-code! Stacksync reduces implementation delays from months to minutes for CRM integration projects and removes all the complexity behind CRM new feature development. We show a 90% improvement on delivery time and budget.
2278. caribou : Caribou is the alternative to endless email chains with lawyers and accountants. More companies are now global: they have to navigate complex cross-border tax issues from day one. Their only option is to hire traditional firms whose siloed approach overcomplicates work and distracts finance teams. Caribou is an alternative that sets Transfer Pricing policies by collecting unstructured company data, saving companies from drawn-out manual projects.
2279. doordash : Founded in 2013, DoorDash is a San Francisco-based technology company passionate about transforming local businesses and dedicated to enabling new ways of working, earning, and living. Today, DoorDash connects customers with their favorite local and national restaurants in more than 600 cities across the United States and Canada. By building intelligent, last-mile delivery technology for local cities, DoorDash aims to connect people with the things they care about — one dash at a time. Read more at blog.doordash.com, and find us on Glassdoor.
2280. instrumentl : Instrumentl is a SaaS platform that helps social enterprises discover, track and win grant funding. We force multiply the nonprofit sector's ability to deliver impact. >100% YoY growth, cash flow positive. Feel good about the work you do, join us: www.instrumentl.com/careers
2281. yummy-future : We amplify worker produtivity by10X. Restaurants and food retail businesses require high volume and consistency, yet many business owners struggle to achieve this. Employees also dislike working in repetitive and labor-intensive environments, where even a slight mistake can lead to customer complaints. This results in high turnover rates in the restaurant industry. Our goal is to let robots and machines handle the boring, laborious tasks so that humans can focus on engaging with customers and collecting product feedback.
2282. optic : We help developers collaborate at scale and build better APIs. Optic’s open source tools makes it easy for developers to document API changes, review each other’s API changes during code review, and catch breaking changes before they reach production. **tl;dr** It’s version control but for behavior not code. We are taking the really successful ideas from Git / Code Review / CI and applying them to API descriptions and (future) other non-code artifacts. Engineers at [Snyk](https://snyk.io/) use Optic daily to make the new Snyk API great. Read their engineering blog: [Snyk's shift left approach to API development | Snyk](https://snyk.io/blog/snyk-api-development-shift-left/)
2283. titipku : Local market is a traditional wet market that consist with 200 - 1000 merchants who sell groceries located in every residential area. We digitize all these merchants into our apps and provide personal shoppers. So every household can buy groceries from multiple merchants at one local market in one single order. There are 16.000 local markets in Indonesia with 8.000.000 merchants inside.
2284. moonglow : Moonglow is a fully-managed platform for building browser agents. Users record their workflow once, and then our platform builds, deploys and scales browser agents that automate their repetitive workflows. Previously, Leila was a software engineer at Jane Street. She led the build-out of its equities clearinghouse connectivity infrastructure and was the technical lead of its front-office SRE team. Trevor was part of Hazy Research Lab at Stanford, and published machine learning research at NeurIPS, ICLR and ACL. https://moonglow.ai
2285. confident-ai : Confident AI allows companies of all sizes to benchmark, safeguard, and improve LLM applications, with best-in-class metrics and guardrails powered by DeepEval. Built by the creators of DeepEval (4.3k stars, >400k monthly downloads), Confident AI is able to offer battle-tested, open-source evaluation algorithms while providing the infrastructure needed for teams to stay confident their LLM systems.
2286. illuminant-surgical : Illuminant is helping surgeons perform safer and more efficient surgeries by projecting visual guidance directly on the patient’s skin. Using computer vision and low cost hardware, we can display patient-specific anatomical structures from preoperative medical images (e.g. CT scans), pre-operative annotations from planning, and real-time feedback, like needle depth and tool trajectory, as a surgeon operates. Our vision is to expand surgical navigation to underserved health systems and surgical specialties.
2287. bluesmart : Bluesmart is a global travel company that became famous for creating the world's first smart connected luggage. Its first product, the Bluesmart Carry-on, launched in October 2014 through Indiegogo and raised more than $2M in pre-orders from more than 10,000 backers in 120 countries worldwide. It was named "Top Innovative Product and Service"​ by Forbes Magazine, awarded "Best Travel Gear"​ by Fast Company and “Best of the Best"​ Red Dot Design Award. The company is backed by Y Combinator and other top Silicon Valley venture investors. Bluesmart is headquartered in New York with offices in Hong Kong, China and Argentina.
2288. radar : RADAR is a platform that combines RFID and computer vision to automate and augment retail store processes. Our technology offers unprecedented speed and location accuracy, which allows stores to: 1) Manage inventory efficiently, through automated inventory counts, improved in-store replenishment and instantaneous customer stock checks 2) Eliminate checkout lines altogether through our autonomous checkout tool. 3) Measure all customer-product interactions, giving physical stores the same insight into consumer behavior and product performance as online stores. https://goradar.com
2289. alloy-automation : Alloy is an integration platform used by Amazon, Gorgias, Postscript, & others to launch ERP, commerce, CRM, and various other integrations. Founded in 2019, the company is backed by $27M from a16z, Bain Capital Ventures, Y Combinator, and others.
2290. reshape-biotech : Reshape Biotech builds lab robots that automate the everyday tasks of microbiologists, from filling plates to analyzing images. Other companies try to sell “one lab robot that does everything”. But those robots become so complicated that they sit unused on the shelf. We build one robot for each function, which makes them easy to use.
2291. tarsal : Tarsal is a data pipeline custom built for security teams. As security data grows 25% year over year, security teams desperately need access to best-in-class data infrastructure. Tarsal bridges the gap between the modern data stack and security teams, pioneering the modern security data stack.
2292. xtraffic : XTraffic is at the intersection of advancements in sensor technology and affordability. This means entire cities can affordably upgrade their infrastructure - and some already are. We are live in multiple cities, with both ongoing and successful pilots, corridors of multiple intersections, and soon to be entire cities. Our customers enjoy less traffic, better safety, and data on which to build their future.
2293. voicery : Voicery synthesizes the most realistic human voices using deep neural networks. Prior to starting Voicery, Andrew, one of the founders, led the speech synthesis research team at Baidu Research. By synthesizing speech nearly indistinguishable from human, Voicery enable new media applications, such as auto-generated audiobooks, podcasts, television dubs, and voice overs.
2294. sigma-ai : Sigma AI is an AI platform to automate customer support for e-commerce brands. We help e-commerce brands automate their entire customer support lifecycle - replying, tagging, and closing tickets faster than ever before.
2295. rulebricks : Many workflow builders and automation tools have support for adding logic to your processes, but get complicated quick– to the point where process owners are unable to edit them directly and require specialist services. Rulebricks separates decision-making logic from your workflows, giving your team a clear visual, spreadsheet-like interface to manage the changing rules that drive your business, and use those rules as API endpoints, visual forms, and in automation tools like Zapier.
2296. angle-health : 
2297. constant : Constant provides access to high-quality private credit funds. Our software helps users discover relevant private credit funds, guides them through the investment process, and offers low investment minimums. See additional information, terms and disclosures at useconstant.com
2298. arpari : Treasury management platform built for commercial real estate. Seamlessly consolidate portfolio finances and manage financial operations from a single dashboard.
2299. voiceops : The richest data source about customers — their conversations — is the least accessible. Their mission is to provide easy access to customer conversations, and make voice data queryable. Their product analyzes the content of sales and support conversations and generates insights on phrases that maximize successful outcomes.
2300. zumo-labs : At Zumo Labs, we generate synthetic training data for computer vision models. Computer vision is the essential technology that powers the products of the future: autonomous vehicles, smart retail, robotics, smart fitness, security and vision-based analytics. These algorithms require huge amounts of training data. This data is currently collected and labeled manually; a slow, imprecise, expensive process that is rife with bias and privacy issues. Zumo Labs solves all of these problems (and more!) by creating feature rich synthetic training data in the cloud: cheaper, faster to generate and iterate on, covers all the edge cases, and has no bias or privacy issues.
2301. proprise : PropRise is an AI-powered investment analyst for commercial real estate, transforming how firms discover and evaluate opportunities. Our platform acts as a 24/7 analyst that finds hidden deals others miss by analyzing vast amounts of data beyond traditional listings - from local council meetings and permits to community sentiment and market trends. While most firms only see surface-level data like basic financials and broker listings, PropRise connects complex patterns across tech company expansions, local market shifts, and city development plans to identify overlooked opportunities.
2302. oddsview : OddsView is the one-stop-shop for sports betting tools and media. The OddsView terminal allows users to browse millions of odds updated in real time to find the best bets. Users can access familiar features like positive expected value and arbitrage finders, as well as exclusive tools such as historical odds charts, all within a single platform.
2303. siasto : Siasto is a collaboration and project management tool that integrates into Google Apps, Gmail, Google Drive, GCal, box, and Dropbox. It's used by teams, SMBs, and enterprises to keep all their tasks, events, projects, and files in the same place. It allows users to create tasks, events, and documents all from the inbox. Siasto was started by the founders of Taskforce (http://taskforceapp.com) who's previous experience in task management led them to building Siasto. Siasto is backed by YCombinator and other angel investors.
2304. soma-lab : Soma Lab creates simulated conversations with AI patients to scale healthcare training. Students and providers practice with AI patients to build skills and get evaluated.
2305. peakflo : Peakflo with its simple API and one-click ERP integrations, allows businesses to streamline their invoice-to-cash and procure-to-pay processes. 100+ companies, from scale-ups to enterprises, use Peakflo each to: - Save 2000 man-hours/month on finance ops - Get paid faster on customer invoices by 15-25 days - Cut vendor bill payment time by 50% - Automate three-way matching
2306. pershop : 
2307. handle-com : Handle builds software that helps simplify construction financial management by automating manual and repetitive tasks throughout the life cycle of construction payments.
2308. unthread : Unthread is an AI-powered helpdesk built natively into Slack. We help companies to automate the creation and resolution of tickets right from a Slack channel. We work with IT, HR, and CX teams at some of the world's largest companies to resolve tickets instantly using AI.
2309. assembly-hoa : We help HOAs manage their communities in a modern and transparent way. HOA boards choose Assembly to replace their existing management company, ensuring excellent service and clear visibility into their HOA’s finances and operations. With Assembly, community priorities are always addressed, and homeowners can easily understand what their HOA is doing and how their monthly dues are being used. Our mission is to create turnkey communities and protect property values through transparent, efficient, and proactive management. By combining top industry expertise with the latest in AI and fintech, we provide real-time financial insights, strategic community planning, and automated operations. Like many homeowners, Shreyas and Allen experienced frustrations with HOAs. Our investigation revealed that most HOA management companies are outdated mom-and-pop operations nearing retirement, resistant to adopting new technology. Furthermore, these companies often prioritize relationships with vendors and banks over the interests of the communities they serve, leading to misaligned incentives. Realizing this, we knew that to achieve our mission of fixing HOAs, Assembly HOA had to be vertically integrated. We are live with over 39 communities in Greater Los Angeles and SF Bay Area.
2310. doctor-droid : Doctor Droid is an automated diagnosis and troubleshooting assistant for engineering teams. Doctor Droid integrates with your existing monitoring stack (10+ tools supported) and assists with automated diagnosis, troubleshooting recommendations and more. Get started To get an automated report on the state of alerting & noise in your company, try out our free report generator today -- https://drdroid.io/doctor-droid-slack-integration
2311. firecrawl : Firecrawl is the easiest way to extract data from the web. Developers use us to reliably convert URLs into LLM-ready markdown or structured data with a single API call. We crossed 17k GitHub stars in just two months and have had paying customers since day one. Previously, we built Mendable, one of the first commercially available “chat with your data” applications. We sold to companies like MongoDB, Coinbase, Snapchat, and more. To do this, we spent a surprising amount of time building reliable infrastructure for getting clean data from the web. When we started to see our founding friends rebuilding the same thing, we thought we might be on to something.
2312. codes-health : Codes automates patient record collection. Today, documents are scattered across EHRs, providers, and faxes; we use AI to compile & analyze docs for those who need them.
2313. ellipsis : Ellipsis will help your team merge code 13% faster. Ellipsis is an AI developer tool that automatically reviews code and fixes bugs on pull requests. It uses LLM agents to catch logical errors, security issues, and can even enforce a team's style guide. The coolest part is that after Ellipsis identifies an issue, developers can tag @ellipsis-dev to have Ellipsis implement the fix. Internally, Ellipsis actually executes the code it generates, just like a human does. As a result, we allow developers to generate working, tested code directly from GitHub/GitLab.
2314. carma : Carma is a B2B managed marketplace for commercial fleet owners to get same-day automotive repair for any vehicle with instant transparent offers and guaranteed pricing. Every year, fleet owners spend $573B on auto repairs globally. Fleet owners request any service through our mobile app, which we send to our network of highly-vetted partner service centers. Our partner service centers give users real-time offers on their requested services. Our fleet customers save upwards of 50% when they use Carma vs. the median price for the same service in their zip code, while our partner service centers increase their revenues and obtain new customers. We are currently accepting commercial fleet customers: If you own multiple commercial vehicles for your business and are interested in trusted same-day turnaround for your fleet, call or text Muhammad (Carma CEO) at 636-293-5254 or email fleets@joincarma.com. If you are an owner of a highly-rated automotive service center and are interested in increasing revenue with more profitable high-ticket work, call or text Muhammad (Carma CEO) at 636-293-5254 or email shops@joincarma.com.
2315. paces : In the next 30 years, the world will transform every part of the built environment to be climate positive green infrastructure. Knowing what, where, and how to build infrastructure like solar farms and data centers is one of the great opportunities of our time. Paces is software for green infrastructure developers to identify the best places to build and manage their projects. Our software supports renewable energy, EV charging, carbon sequestration and data center customers with interconnection, permitting and siting of their projects.
2316. open : Open.cx is an AI-powered, all-in-one customer support and communication platform designed for enterprises and high-growth businesses.
2317. authzed : We build the tools companies need to provide performant and scalable authorization for their applications. We’re founded by 3 successful entrepreneurs with expertise in enterprise software, most recently as leaders at Red Hat. Jake and Joey met on the APIs team at Google in 2010. They went on to found Quay, where Jimmy joined as their first hire. Over the past decade, they’ve changed the landscape for building and deploying software.
2318. paneau : Paneau puts tablets inside Uber/Lyfts for businesses to advertise directly to the riders. Riders can interact and do anything from make purchases to re-route the car.
2319. upsolve-ai : Upsolve AI is a customer-facing analytics as a service platform. We are building a full data stack that enables businesses to build and offer analytics to their customers at lightning speed and gives their customers the superpower to answer any data questions via AI. The company is founded by Ka Ling Wu and Serguei Balanovich, who built a similar product at Palantir before (featured in Palantir's S-1), growing it to 50+ enterprise customers and 8-figures of annual revenue in 2 years.
2320. eden-care : Eden Care is building a digital health insurer for employers in Africa. Today, health insurance operation costs in Africa are 2.2x the global average. Eden Care is cutting this by 43% making health insurance cheaper. The $11Bn African health insurance market is projected to grow to $72Bn in just 12 years. We are targeting 90 million uninsured African employees.
2321. martin : Call, text, or email Martin. He manages your calendar, inbox, to-do lists, and Slack. He can send texts, make calls, set reminders, search the web, and more.
2322. hyperbound : Hyperbound is a simulated AI sales roleplay platform that turns ICP descriptions into interactive AI buyers in less than 2 minutes. It helps your sales team onboard 50% faster and boosts your team's conversions on cold, warm, & discovery calls. Every sales team wants to do more roleplays, but it's often unscalable and biased. Instead of having your sellers practice on real prospects and burn leads in the process, Hyperbound allows your reps to get realistic at-bats with an AI buyer. Sellers can finally gain call confidence and mastery in a simulated environment that doesn't put your pipeline at risk and gives time back to your managers. Interested in trying it out today? Start a free demo simulation at https://app.hyperbound.ai/buyers?invite=bookface and contact us at founders@hyperbound.ai for next steps.
2323. issen : ISSEN is an AI conversational language app that helps you become fluent. Your on-demand voice tutor is personal to you, adapting lessons and chats to your particular interests, learning style, and goals. Our mission is to transform language learning by offering a level of connection, effectiveness and fun that, until now, only human teachers could provide.
2324. blissway : 
2325. algouniversity : We are building live teaching infrastructure that enables handful of top educators (from Google, Facebook, etc) to coach a large number of students. We train college students in a year-long live cohorts and they pay us a portion of their salary as fees once they get a tech job (Income Sharing Agreement)
2326. atomwise : Atomwise is a preclinical tech-enabled biotech using machine learning for hit discovery, hit expansion, and lead optimization. We were the first team to apply convolutional neural networks to drug discovery. We focus on identifying and optimizing novel small molecule scaffolds and unlocking previously-undrugged protein targets.
2327. aglide : Aglide is the next generation identity. Our pioneering agentic technology can connect any application to our customers' SSOs, without using the standard protocols (SAML, SCIM, etc.).
2328. listia : Listia is a new kind of auction marketplace for giving and getting free stuff. Users list items as auctions, and other users bid on these items using credits instead of money. Credits are earned by signing up, giving away stuff, and being an active member.
2329. skio : Skio ($10M+ ARR in 3 years, profitable) is subscription management software for brands on Shopify. Customers include Liquid I.V., Milk Bar, Polaroid, Barstool, Unilever, KraveBeauty, Boba Tea Protein, & Siete.
2330. z1 : Z1 is a digital banking app made for teenagers and young adults. By using the Z1 app and a prepaid card linked to their account, teenagers can begin their road to financial independence by learning to manage and spend their money, as well as having a place to receive money they earn through jobs and small businesses.
2331. youteam : YouTeam has helped more than 60 YC startups hire top-notch engineers they couldn't find elsewhere. YouTeam connects you with select offshore developers seeking full-time contracts that aren't listed on any freelance portals or job boards. We are the only platform accessing this previously untapped talent pool, allowing us to select the "crème de la crème" of the talent.
2332. seam : Seam lets developers connect and control 3rd-party connected devices like door locks, thermostats, and more.
2333. star-cloud : (Formerly known as Lumen Orbit) Star Cloud is building a network of megawatt-scale data centers in space, scaleable to gigawatt capacity, to be able to train large models like GPT6. Falling launch costs give us access to abundant energy, passive cooling, and the ability to rapidly scale in space. In Partnership with NVIDIA's Inception Program, we are launching our demonstrator satellite in July 2025, which will have 100x more powerful GPUs than have ever been operated in space.
2334. imgfave : imgfave is a place to discover and share images. They allow users to collect favorite images and organize them into fun collections like humor, art, photography, fashion, weddings and more.
2335. arketa : All in one platform for online and in-person classes, video on-demand, courses and website hosting.
2336. convictional : Convictional is fundamentally rethinking how business leaders pursue goals and make decisions. Instead of trying to coordinate through email chains, chat messages and meetings with slides, you'll get an entirely new kind of decision environment where the right context and people come together instantly. Your leaders will see every major initiative in motion across the company. They'll spot emerging patterns, tap into experience from past projects, and mobilize the right expertise at the right moment. No hunting for information, no voices lost in the noise, no painful reconstructions of why decisions were made. Custom workspaces spin up automatically for each goal. Critical metrics and context from prior decisions will surface proactively. Input will flow from experts inside and outside your company. Everything will be instantly documented. And your team's decision-making playbook will get smarter with every choice you make.
2337. uwi : uwi is the Figure of Southeast Asia, originating our Express Building loans and securitizing in the backend. uwi has launched its flagship loan program called Express Building (EB) to help small and medium sized residential developers scale their affordable housing development pipeline. Current markets: Indonesia & Philippines
2338. mashgin : Mashgin creates better retail experiences through visual automation. We’ve built a self-checkout kiosk that uses computer vision to scan multiple items without barcodes, reducing checkout time by 10x. We’re completely recreating the checkout experience in an industry that’s had little innovation in decades. Our clients see dramatic reductions in lines and revenue increases of as much as 400% as a result.
2339. voodoo-manufacturing : AWS for manufacturing. Founded in 2015 and based in Brooklyn, NY, Voodoo operates a robotic 3D printing factory with over 250 3D printers, capable of making thousands of parts faster than traditionally possible. Voodoo has worked with thousands of customers to date, from engineers and entrepreneurs to companies such as Microsoft, NBCUniversal, Mattel, and Intel. Visit www.voodoomfg.com to learn more.
2340. finley : Finley simplifies debt capital raise and management. Our software helps companies like Ramp, Arc and Parafin automate due diligence, ensure compliance, and streamline ongoing reporting with their capital providers. Our team brings experience from Goldman Sachs, Nova Credit, and Palantir Technologies, and is backed by Y Combinator and Bain Capital Ventures.
2341. homeroom : Homeroom helps investors provide affordable housing while making a 22% ROI. We do this by sourcing properties, arranging capital, managing construction, vetting tenants and collecting rent by the room. To date, Homeroom has brought on 85 property investors, growing 6X annually, are bringing in 420K in annualized net-revenue How it works: We help investors buy homes in cities that are attractive to young people, but lack affordable housing options. We then renovate and after about 20 days, the home is ready and we find qualified renters by the room. We launched in 2018 in Kansas City with 1 home. We now have 105 homes in 31 cities. In 2021, we grew rental GMV to $1.8M (300% YoY growth). Our average rent across every property is $458, which is about 50% lower than market comps, and our investors see returns up to 50% higher. We are HomeRoom. Johnny is the financial analyst/domain expert. Thomas is a cereal entrepreneur with a PHD in ML, and Mike hacked growth for Airbnb and Facebook.
2342. therify : Therify is an inclusive mental health benefit for companies. Through our web platform, employees access culturally responsive therapists, live community sessions, and self-guided content to support their emotional well-being.
2343. riskcube : RiskCube is software for insurance brokers and agents with a dedicated focus on property & casualty risks. We start with risk software for business property to help brokers generate more revenue and stay competitive. Our AI-powered automation platform streamlines operations by automating data entry, compliance, quoting, and policy management. This reduces contract processing from weeks to days, allowing brokers to focus on their business and clients rather than backend operations.
2344. nebia : (acquired by Brondell in 2022) At Nebia we build innovative and impactful products that improve how people use water in their daily lives. Through thoughtful reinvention of everyday interactions, we empower people everywhere to collectively make a greater impact with their most basic daily rituals. We started with the shower. The Nebia shower embodies the highest standards of experience, design, engineering and water and energy use. With water savings up to 70% compared to traditional showers, Nebia was designed to make a meaningful impact without compromising on experience. At the heart of our products is our unwavering dedication to developing groundbreaking sustainable solutions that stand the test of time. Every new iteration is made to solve a complex engineering challenge that has limited innovation for over a century. Our investment in R&D and product development is second only to our investment in the people who are making it possible. After several years working behind the scenes, we are extremely proud of what we have recently achieved: - $10m raised on Kickstarter - Products in 100,000 homes - 500+ million gallons of water saved (c. 2022) - 27 million kWh (27 GWh) of energy (approx. energy to heat 2,700 U.S. homes in one year)
2345. healthkey : HealthKey is an AI-powered Patient Identification service for Clinical Trial Research Teams. Big Pharma pays Research Sites a lot of money for each patient they enroll, but finding patients who qualify is an entirely manual process today. We help Sites make more money by matching patient's EHR data with trials' eligibility criteria using AI.
2346. silurian : Silurian is building foundation models for simulating Earth, starting with weather. From assessing the risk of wildfires to predicting the energy grid load, we provide an infrastructure layer for our planet. Our frontier models push the boundaries of what can be simulated on Earth and improve decision making across vital sectors including energy, insurance, agriculture, and logistics.
2347. brainnook : 
2348. unify : LLMs run riot in production. Get back in the driving seat. Build your own evals, iterate quickly, and go from prototype to production in no time! Try Now! https://console.unify.ai/ ✨
2349. feather : Feather is redefining furniture rental for city living and helping people feel at home no matter where they live or how long they plan on staying. By giving people smarter options, Feather is able to keep more furniture in homes and out of landfills. Monthly furniture payments can go toward ownership or you can simply return the furniture you no longer need. Those items endure our extensive refurbishment process before they are sent to live in their next home. Our reverse logistics platform allows our customers to swap and add new furniture at any time, helping limit furniture waste.
2350. skylink : SkyLink is transforming corporate travel into a hassle-free, efficient experience. By integrating advanced route optimization and reducing the need for traditional travel agents, we're not only saving companies millions but also simplifying the travel process. With SkyLink, employees can effortlessly book their travel, just like sending a Slack message. Trusted by leading global corporations, our platform acts as a pocket-sized travel agent, ensuring smart, cost-effective travel decisions and a smoother journey for everyone involved. SkyLink is where simplicity meets innovation in corporate travel.
2351. malama-health : Malama offers doula-led holistic support during and after pregnancy at no cost to patients. Malama is in-network with Aetna, UnitedHealthcare, Anthem, Kaiser, and several Medicaid Managed Care Plans. Malama is backed by the Stanford d.school, Y Combinator (S22), Alpine Investors and more.
2352. pollground : A social polling site. Pollground allows you to easily create surveys and allow the “wisdom of the crowd” to answer your questions. Questions and comments can be posted anonymously.
2353. glowing-io : Glowing enables leading global brands and their customers to text message with each other via existing popular mobile messaging platforms. Our solution allows for brands to appeal to millennials (and other digital travelers) as well as to the “silent guests” who prefer messaging as their primary communication channel.
2354. pyka : Pyka’s goal is to provide society with a new form of safe, clean, and cost-effective transportation enabled by autonomous electric aviation. To get there, we’re taking a different approach than most. We're applying our technologies to every industry where autonomous electric aircraft can be useful, starting with the highest value and most dangerous jobs. In doing so, we're building game-changing products manufactured at scale, while perfecting the safety, reliability, and capabilities of our autonomy engine and electric propulsion systems. We design, develop and manufacture an ecosystem of technologies including proprietary flight control software, avionics, high power density motors, motor controllers, batteries, and custom carbon-fiber composite airframes. Today, we supply autonomous electric aircraft for cargo transport and crop protection to real-world customers across four separate continents and have secured industry-first regulatory approvals from the FAA. Our cargo aircraft enables remote connectivity, enhances express delivery networks, and ensures fast and reliable shipping of critical supplies to areas in need. Our crop protection aircraft offers agricultural services providers and farmers an autonomous tool to make aerial application safer, more precise, and less harmful to surrounding environments. Both vehicles are highly economical to operate, easy to deploy, and significantly reduce C02 emissions in their respective industries. What you work on at Pyka makes people’s lives better now and brings the future of electric aviation one step closer each day.
2355. 9gag : 9GAG is the global cross-platform entertainment media network. It is a place for fun, conversation, and engagement. Founded in 2008, 9GAG’s mission is to make the world happier. 9GAG has a total of 150 million global audience with 39 million followers on Facebook, 44 million on Instagram and 15 million on Twitter. Being #1 ranked global social media platform in entertainment & gaming, #1 ranked US's cross-platform video creators, we distribute 2.2 billion social video views on a monthly basis (source: tubular labs). 9GAG.com is #6 most followed brand on Instagram and is a top 200 website globally. 9GAG is backed by: Freestyle Capital, True Ventures, First Round Capital, Greycroft Partners, 500 Startups, Y Combinator and a group of great angel investors in the United States. eg Anthony Soohoo, Benjamin Ling, BoxGroup, Gary Vaynerchuk, James Hong, Kevin Rose, Karl Jacob, Lowercase Capital, Maneesh Arora, Naval Ravikant, Othman Laraki, Philip Kaplan, Rich Chen, Rich Lefurgy, Scott and Cyan Banister, Tim Ferriss.
2356. agentnoon : 🚀 Enable strategic decision making using a fast, flexible, and intuitive org design and workforce planning platform. ⚡
2357. quary : Quary is the first analytics engineering platform that brings the entire model-test-deploy workflow into the browser. At our first customer, a fast-growing fintech company, Quary empowers analysts in the growth team to self-serve, contribute, and reduce reliance on the data engineering team, letting teams ship metrics faster & executives get answers sooner
2358. strada : Strada's AI voice agents handle calls 24/7 for insurance brokers, agencies, and MGAs.
2359. stayflexi : Stayflexi is a revolutionary platform designed to simplify hotel and vacation rental operations, while increasing revenues from unsold rooms and amenities. By harnessing the power of automation, Stayflexi eliminates the need for manual processes and provides a seamless, positive customer experience for guests. Founded by computer science majors from Carnegie Mellon and Cornell, Stayflexi was born out of the need to solve the problems experienced by hosts and travelers. With Stayflexi, you can rest assured that your guests will be given the best possible experience and that you will be able to maximize profits on your unsold rooms. Stayflexi platform is helping over 2000 hotels in 16 different countries and growing rapidly.
2360. inboxbooster : We fix and monitor emails in spam. We monitor automatically where your emails is going, we alert you when it's going in spam and we fix it with you. Best of all, the monitoring is free!
2361. the-forecasting-company : The Forecasting Company builds planning systems based on our in-house foundation models for time series.
2362. sameday : Home service businesses, like plumbers and roofers, are losing millions of dollars each year by failing to answer the phone. Sameday's AI Sales Agent answers any calls they otherwise would miss and will follow up until every lead is on the schedule.
2363. cointracker : [CoinTracker](https://www.cointracker.io) makes cryptocurrency portfolio tracking and tax compliance simple. CoinTracker enables consumers and businesses to seamlessly track their cryptocurrency portfolio, investment performance, taxes, and more. We are a globally distributed team on a mission to enable everyone in the world to use crypto with peace of mind. [Learn more](https://www.notion.so/cointracker/CoinTracker-is-Hiring-7308c712493940a3b6e62257d283dad8) about our mission, culture, and hiring process.
2364. tough-commerce : Tough Commerce is the only white-label commerce platform tailored for industry-specific workflows and enable merchants, suppliers, producers and manufacturers to digitize their processes. Behind the scenes, we provides order management, location management, pricing management, dispatching, logistics, messaging, e-ticketing, invoicing, customer portal, AR automation, payment, payouts and real-time delivery capabilities through driver app. With financial and operational ERP integrations, our technology can operate stand-alone or seamlessly alongside deeply integrated products.
2365. magic-2 : Magic is the next-generation platform for payments, loyalty, and rewards.
2366. supertokens : SuperTokens is building open source authentication (as an alternative to Auth0, Firebase and AWS Cognito). Add secure, hassle free authentication to your app in 1 day. We enable startups to launch quicker and focus on their core product offering 1. We're easier to implement as we take a modular approach - making it possible to pick only the features you need for your use case. This means you need not worry about complications associated with other features (eg: SSO and OAuth if you don’t need it) and this in turn makes it easier to implement and manage SuperTokens. 2. Developer's can own and manage their user's data. 3. SuperTokens can be run on your premise for free and also has a generous hosted tier for those who dont want to manage it themselves. SuperTokens is being used by hundreds of developers across the globe.
2367. revl : Revl is an experience technology company and Y Combinator 2016 Winter Batch member launching the Revl Arc smart action camera. Designed in coordination with frogVentures, Sony, Ambarella and leading engineers with backgrounds at NASA, HP and Sikorsky Aircraft, the Revl Arc is available for preorder and will begin shipping in December. Revl was founded in 2015 and is based in San Francisco. For more information, please visit www.revl.com
2368. coco-wallet : Send, spend, save, and earn money via stablecoins.
2369. voize : voize is the digital voice assistant for non-desk workers. Professionals like physicians, nurses, test engineers, and scientists spend over 2.5 hours on documentation every day. voize helps them finish it in minutes. The user speaks freely into a smartphone and the voize AI automatically generates structured documentation records. We transfer these documentation records into the existing enterprise software systems of the organization.
2370. hive : Hive is an email & SMS marketing CRM used by brands to personalize and automate their campaigns. We pride ourselves on helping brands understand their email marketing, all while selling more and keeping their customers engaged. We integrate with tech partners like Shopify and Eventbrite to let brands act on all their data, so they can easily segment their list in thousands of ways, and send more customized, timely email campaigns that land in inboxes.
2371. byte-kitchen : Byte is able to quickly expand the geographic footprint of any given brand with minimal up front investment by licensing their IP, and rolling out their cuisine across a network of next generation kitchens optimized for delivery, pick up, and take out.
2372. cozmox-ai : CozmoX provides AI employees powered by advanced voice technology that enables natural, human-like conversations. These digital workers communicate fluently with customers and stakeholders while handling repetitive tasks 24/7. Through our no-code platform, businesses can deploy AI employees that manage entire processes through voice interactions, replacing multiple software tools with unified solutions. We’ve unveiled 3 powerful AI employees, with more to come: Liza (Sales Executive) - Engages in natural voice conversations throughout the sales cycle, from initial prospect calls to negotiations and closure. She handles qualification calls, follow-ups, and maintains CRM records while building rapport through intelligent dialogue. Alex (Debt Collector) - Conducts professional voice communications for collections, speaking with customers to arrange payments, negotiate plans, and ensure timely follow-ups while maintaining regulatory compliance. Zara (Receptionist) - Masters voice-based front-office management, engaging in natural conversations to route calls, schedule appointments, take detailed messages, and resolve customer inquiries with a friendly, professional tone. Like the industrial revolution transformed farming, we're revolutionizing workplace communication. By automating routine conversations and tasks, human teams can focus on creativity, problem-solving, and business growth. We're the first in the Middle East and Africa to offer this kind of technology, but we work with businesses all over the world. We're backed by Y Combinator, Goodwater Capital, Dubai Future District Fund, Rebel Fund, and Trampoline Venture Partners, and have raised $3M in our latest round.
2373. clueso : Clueso is the fastest and easiest way for companies to generate high-quality instructional videos and documentation, ideal for customer education/onboarding and employee training. Our AI transforms simple screen-recordings into studio-quality videos and step-by-step documentation in minutes.
2374. relativity-space : Relativity is building humanity’s multiplanetary future. We invented a new approach to design, build, and fly our own rockets, starting with Terran 1 – the world’s first entirely 3D printed rocket, and Terran R, our next generation medium-heavy lift fully reusable launch vehicle. As a vertically integrated technology platform, Relativity is at the forefront of an inevitable shift toward software-defined manufacturing. By fusing 3D printing, artificial intelligence, and autonomous robotics, we are pioneering the factory of the future. Disrupting 60 years of aerospace, Relativity offers a radically simplified supply chain, building a rocket with 100x fewer parts in less than 60 days. We believe in a future where interplanetary life fundamentally expands the possibilities for human experience. Our long-term vision is to upgrade humanity’s industrial base on Earth and on Mars.
2375. metriport : Metriport helps healthcare organizations access and manage comprehensive patient medical data. Through a single integration, Metriport ensures clinical accuracy and completeness of medical information to providers, delivering comprehensive consolidated patient clinical data at the point-of-care. By standardizing, de-duplicating, consolidating, and hydrating the data with medical code crosswalking, providers get a rich understanding of their patients' medical histories through Metriport. Metriport is the only open-source solution of its kind that offers all these integrations in a single platform, and standardizes complex data formats into industry standards such as FHIR and C-CDA. As a developer-first, HIPAA and SOC 2 Type II compliant interoperability solution, Metriport is powering the next wave of innovators in healthcare, creating an internet for healthcare data.
2376. pointone : Lawyers have to manually track all their client work in 6-minute increments. PointOne uses AI to completely automate time tracking and bill review, helping law firms collect more revenue and saving lawyers hours each week.
2377. blitziq : 
2378. augment-inc : 💼 Augment builds AI-powered tools to automate company operations, starting with Roger—an intelligent CRM that acts as your AI-powered sales team. 💼 🚀 Built by experienced founders and backed by Y Combinator, Augment is redefining sales automation with AI-driven workflows that handle prospecting, outreach, and deal management—so businesses can scale effortlessly. How it Works – Roger, Your AI-Powered CRM 📊 A CRM That Works for You Unlike traditional CRMs that require constant manual updates, Roger actively manages your sales pipeline. It tracks interactions, follows up with leads, and keeps your team focused on closing deals instead of admin work. 🤖 AI-Powered Outreach & Engagement Roger automates lead generation and crafts personalized outreach messages across email, LinkedIn, and other channels. It continuously refines its approach based on engagement data to increase conversions. 🎯 Smart Deal Management Roger qualifies leads, schedules follow-ups, and moves deals through your pipeline automatically. It ensures your team never drops the ball on a potential customer. 📈 Seamless Integration & Insights Roger syncs with your existing tools, updating your sales data in real-time. AI-powered analytics provide actionable insights, helping teams optimize sales strategies. By automating tedious sales tasks and making CRM proactive instead of passive, Roger turns AI into your most efficient sales teammate—helping businesses close more deals, faster.
2379. gamelynx : Gamelynx is creating easily watchable cross-platform competitive games. We're a passionate team with diverse experience from Riot Games, Google, Jane St, and Quantum Computing research labs. Gamelynx has raised $1.2 million to date with investors including Riot Games, M Ventures and Y Combinator.
2380. pocketpod : PocketPod creates AI generated podcasts tailored to your interests. Whether it's a daily news update or a deep dive on a specific topic, we allow people to consume information in a familiar podcast format. We will be the single place people go to consume audio entertainment, while removing nearly 100% of the cost associated with producing high quality content.
2381. squire-ai : Squire is a devtool that works with you by writing pull request descriptions, reviewing PRs, and writing code to implement code review feedback.
2382. resonance : Resonance enables companies to personalize omni-channel marketing campaign content within their existing tools with minimal to no engineering involvement.
2383. potion : 
2384. jabu : HQ in Namibia and Zambia, Jabu is a fintech startup providing digital wallet solutions to streamline transactions in Africa's cash-dominated economy, enhancing business efficiency and financial integration.
2385. v-flow-medical-inc : Chronic pelvic pain is a debilitating condition, that impacts over 15 million US women and costs over $39 Billion each year to manage. V-Flow medical has developed a trio of products that target the root cause of chronic pelvic pain, allowing millions of women to avoid opioid use and restart living a normal, pain free life. The V-Flow team has successfully scaled, multiple start-up medical device companies in various clinical disciplines with a combined exit value of over $4B. We have developed a broad IP portfolio covering both device design and method of application. A recent landscaping identified no competing IP for our indication of use. We have tested our beta prototypes and are initiating animal models ahead of a planned first in human investigation in Q1 2023. Following discussion with the NIH program advisors, we have been encouraged to apply for a phase 1 grant, call to action for the Heal initiative to find new diagnostic and non-drug treatments for chronic pelvic pain.
2386. rarebird : We are making coffee for caffeine sensitive people. We do this by producing the world's first caffeine replacement, paraxanthine. It's better than caffeine at waking you up and causes fewer side effects, like anxiety and jitteriness.
2387. mintplex-labs : Mintplex Labs builds AnythingLLM, an all-in-one desktop AI application that handles everything an LLM should do to increase your productivity while remaining fully private. Current tools are: AnythingLLM (https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/anything-llm) VectorAdmin (https://github.com/Mintplex-Labs/vector-admin)
2388. athina-ai : Athina is an end-to-end platform for product teams building production-grade AI features. 1. Prototype: Dynamic Columns let you run LLM prompts, execute code, make API calls, retrieve data, run transformations, and more (in a spreadsheet UI) 2. Evaluate: Run evaluations within the sheet itself - there are 50+ preset evaluation metrics or you can create your own custom evals (no-code). 3. Experiment: Change your prompt, model, retriever, or chain in just a few clicks. Technical users can run even more experiments programmatically. 4. Compare: Compare any number of datasets side-by-side with a diff view, and run evaluations on all of them simultaneously 5. Observability: Monitor your LLM features in production with continuous evaluations and granular analytics. Athina can be used by non-technical users as well as technical users. This means PMs, QA, Data Scientists, and Engineers can collaborate to build great AI products.
2389. hadrius : Hadrius allows regulated financial firms of all sizes to consolidate and automate their compliance processes using AI in one platform. Today, we're securing compliance for $400B+ AUM across our clients. We're building the AI that will regulate the US financial system and the trillions that flows through it.
2390. nomod : Nomod is a financial services software business based in London. Our payment processing apps replace legacy card terminals allowing merchants to process in-person and online payments on their iOS or Android device with no extra hardware. Our differentiated approach directly serves the merchant and scales rapidly across geographies and verticals.
2391. borong : Our mission is to help local independent retailers find their best-sellers investors by matching them with the right supplier and brands. We believe that today's evolution of the wholesale industry has stifled the growth of many SME businesses. The supply-chain in Malaysia and across Southeast Asia lacks meaningful real-time connectivity between suppliers and retailers. Hence we are determined to transform this industry by providing businesses the right tools to grow. Our modern, digital approach to the wholesale industry allows retailers to discover, purchase, and manage inventories for their store - all on a single marketplace platform. And our software tool for suppliers helps businesses to deal with all the pain points of growing customer database, from ordering to payments. With our data-driven approach, we connects local, independent retailers with the right brands, distributors, and wholesalers to stock their store with the best products. This saves retailers and suppliers time and money, allowing them to focus on what's most important: building and running their business. borong is headquartered in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
2392. candor : Candor helps defense, energy, and biotech startups win tens of billions of dollars in US government funding. Our AI software auto-drafts proposals and ensures full compliance. When we met at Stanford 4 years ago, it was rare for startups to work with the US Government. In the years that we’ve been involved in the burgeoning Defense Tech ecosystem, a lot has changed. Silicon Valley and the US Government are closer than they’ve been in decades. As fellows in Stanford’s Center for National Security Innovation, we’ve had the privilege of speaking with dozens of government officials who have come to Silicon Valley looking to fund and scale startups solving their most urgent problems. However, we’ve seen firsthand the struggles these startups face in securing gov funding. Marcus, having spoken with dozens of defense startups in his time helping lead the Stanford Defense Tech Club and trying to set up a national security startup accelerator has seen this especially. That’s why we’re making it easier to find and apply for opportunities, taking the application process from weeks to days. We’re only going to see more cooperation in the coming years. With that, there will be increasingly more funding going towards companies in defense, energy, biotech, quantum, etc. Candor lets you unlock that funding potential.
2393. spine-ai : Customized AI analysts that understand your business, and can handle your data in any format. Teach it the context from your business, and test improvements at scale as you expand your use cases. Find answers in databases, documents, pdfs, slide decks, and spreadsheets. Gather your insights from every source in one place, to align teams and drive decisions.
2394. hyperbrowser : Hyperbrowser.ai is the internet infrastructure for AI agents. We provide instant, scalable browser infra with built-in CAPTCHA solving, proxy management, and anti-bot detection. Developers use us to power their AI agents for data collection, testing, and web automation at scale.
2395. flux-2 : We are building Flux- Flux is a Mobile App for merchants, freelancers, regular users(P2P) to make and accept payments from their customers anywhere in the world using crypto or fiat. We have built a mobile app that uses the merchants’ phone number, creates a wallet enabling them to receive payments in crypto or fiat without having to go to an exchange or pay expensive fees. Merchants can accept payments in crypto or in fiat. Payments made in Crypto can easily convert into fiat due to the built in fast reconciliation and is made available for spending immediately. Currently the vast majority merchants receive payments in crypto because of two issues (1) Paypal, Venmo, CashApp or Square to not exist in Africa and (2) the local currency fluctuates more than bitcoin due to inflation. But in order for merchants to receive money in crypto and exchange it into fiat they resort to crypto exchange apps and crypto addresses to receive payments which is a very complicated and expensive process. Merchants want to be paid quickly with the lowest amount of fees possible. This is why we are building Flux
2396. short-story : Short Story is a style discovery platform to help petite women find clothes that fit. The average American woman is 5'4" and petite, yet this remains an enormously underserved segment. We’re a team of curators passionate about finding style, quality, and fit for petite women. Our mission is to remove the “ugh” from the shopping equation and support petite women in telling their stories, stylishly and confidently.
2397. reverie-labs : Reverie Labs is engineering next-generation, brain-penetrant cancer therapies.
2398. nephrogen : We're building curative gene therapies for kidney diseases. Our initial focus is on polycystic kidney disease (PKD), which affects 600,000 Americans and has no effective treatment or cure.
2399. stem-sugar : The Supplant Company is defining a new category of food ingredient: sugars from fiber. Supplant™ sugars from fiber is a brand-new blend of sugars found naturally in plant fiber. With Supplant™ sugars from fiber, your favorite treats can look, feel and taste like they’re supposed to. Because it’s made from fiber, Supplant™ sugars from fiber is lower in calories, has a lower glycemic response (compared to glucose), and is prebiotic. It’s made by upcycling agricultural side-streams. For example, in corn (maize), it’s made from the cob, not the kernel. In wheat and rice, it’s made from the straw, not the grain. These fiber-rich parts of crops are hugely abundant and don’t typically make their way into the food system.
2400. bricksai : BricksAI is an open-source AI gateway that helps you manage how each of your services is calling different LLM providers. You can create API keys with rate-limits, spend-limits, and expiration dates, then use them to make requests to different LLMs. With our SSO dashboard, you also get (1) role-based access control, and (2) fine-grained metrics (e.g. cost, number of requests, tokens) over each API key.
2401. venu-ai : Build your community with Venu AI, the community building, B2B connections, and event marketing platform for enterprise.
2402. karat-financial : We're building the one-stop shop for creator finances. Your favorite digital creators—the ones you follow every day on YouTube, Instagram, TikTok or Twitch—aren’t just extraordinarily talented personalities and community builders. They’re also businesses. That means they have business needs—managing revenues, expenses, savings, credit, banking. We’re building products that help creators spend less time worrying about finances so they can focus on creating.
2403. drchrono : DrChrono develops the essential platform and services for modern medical practices to make care more informed, more interactive, and more personalized. The open platform powers telehealth, electronic health record (EHR), practice management, medical billing, and revenue cycle solutions for physicians and patients, and is fully extensible via a robust API and marketplace of applications and services. The platform is used by thousands of physicians and millions of patients, and is facilitating millions of patient appointments and is processing billions of dollars in medical billing. For more information about DrChrono, visit www.drchrono.com
2404. pando-bioscience : Pando is an AI-driven synthetic biology company revolutionizing enzyme engineering for the pharmaceutical industry. Our ultra-high-throughput screening platform screens 1000-fold more enzymes 75% faster and 80% cheaper than traditional methods. This empowers our generative AI to efficiently optimize enzymes across multiple properties, delivering high-performing, tailored enzymes that reduce costs and enhance efficiency.
2405. innov8 : Innov8 Coworking is a Y- Combinator backed workspaces and community startup based in India. We provide Premium workspaces (Managed Private Offices and Coworking Spaces). Innov8 Coworking is the first of its kind Thought space in India. We encourage community engagement of like-minded individuals from any space, whether they are founders, investors, freelancers, creators or just want to work in a highly productive zone. Innov8 boasts of the most premium work culture, ergonomically and innovatively We currently have centres across India - Delhi, Noida, Gurgaon, Mumbai, Bangalore and Chandigarh.
2406. muzz : Muslims don't date - they marry. Muzz is where single Muslims meet. We are the world's biggest Muslim dating app, boasting over 10 million members and over 500,000 weddings, Muzz is making a real difference in the huge yet untapped global Muslim demographic. Shahzad Younas (London, UK) is the founder and CEO of Muzz. Formerly a Vice President in Equity Portfolio Trading at investment bank Morgan Stanley for 9 years, Shahzad quit his career to fully focus on building a high quality mobile app to help Muslims around the world to find their perfect marriage partner. Backed with a total of $9M investment (Seed and Series A) from a range of Silicon Valley and global investors, headquartered in Aldgate, London, and boasting a fast growing 80 strong team, Muzz is transforming how Muslims meet and marry. Muzz was the first Muslim centric startup ever to be backed by Y Combinator (Summer 2017) - the prestigious Silicon Valley based accelerator behind Airbnb/Dropbox/Stripe, and has been featured on the BBC, The Times, The Evening Standard, The Financial Times, The New York Times, CNN, MensHealth, and TechCrunch amongst many others.
2407. marr-labs : Marr Labs is making AI-voice agents that are indistinguishable from humans. Han and Dave previously created speech tech company Vlingo that powered the first Siri app and was acquired for $225M. Now they are taking voice to the next level by making AI-voice agents that can handle virtually any phone-based job, from answering calls to schedule appointments to call center sales and support jobs—all at a fraction of the cost of a human agent. In the US alone, businesses handle 17 billion calls a year at an average cost of $5 per call–an $85 billion addressable market.
2408. cash-flow-portal : Cash Flow Portal is an investment management platform for real estate. We launched 5 months ago, and we have 6-figure ARR, growing 50% month over month, with 300 syndicators and 3,000 investors. We’ve grown quickly because I am a syndicator myself. Having raised $20MM for my own deals, I know how painful it is to manually prepare Docusigns, send wire instructions and wrangle investors. I also happen to be friends with 2,000 other syndicators just like me needing a solution for managing their investors. I’m not just a syndicator. I spent most of my career as an engineering leader at Lyft, Twitter, and Amazon. $20K ARR per syndicator gives us a $2B TAM. Having achieved my own financial freedom through real estate investing, our mission is to serve all real estate investors and help them achieve financial freedom.
2409. lilac-labs : At Lilac, we automate the person taking order at the drive thru with a voice AI. We're building this for Quick Service Restaurants (QSRs) dealing with an historical labor shortage and rising wages. Previous attempts at drive-thru voice ordering are costly to implement and have failed to deliver the accuracy and latency needed. It's now possible to build a voice interface that passes the threshold for a great customer experience. In the United States, there are 200,000 Drive-Thrus handling 6 Billion visits a year. At 3 minutes per order, that's 34,000 human years spent on taking orders annually. Per location, on average we can deliver around $100,000 of value in terms of labor savings, upsell revenue lift, and training costs.
2410. regatta-storage : Regatta transforms S3 buckets into a 30x faster, unlimited, local disk. Regatta enables AI, analytics, and serverless applications to instantly access massive data sets without waiting for data transfer. Researchers use Regatta for shareable, local storage of data set and model versions that never runs out of capacity.
2411. odeko : We’re a passionate team of dreamers and builders, determined to liberate small businesses from the not-so-fun aspects of the job so that they can focus on what’s fun and important.
2412. hatch : We are building a SMS business messaging platform for Contact Centers and their teams
2413. luminai : Luminai helps automate repetitive manual work away from your mission critical business processes. We're serving customers across insurance, healthcare, financial services, and more. Visit our website and see our customer case studies below: https://luminai.com Grateful to be backed by General Catalyst, Craft Ventures, Y Combinator, Moxxie Ventures, Caffeinated Capital, Unshackled Ventures, Scribble Ventures, Shrug Capital, Underscore VC, Weekend Fund, Liquid 2 Ventures, Nikhil Basu Trivedi, Yuri Sagalov, Chris Golda, Basement Fund, the founders and CEOs of Dropbox, Flexport, Notion, Deel, Front, Ramp, Coda, Rappi, Twitch, Lever, Algolia, Thredup, Pagerduty, Sendbird, the COO's of Stitchfix/Rippling, and the former heads of product of Twitter, Instagram, and Uber. We’ve raised $20 million till date. We’re hiring across all roles!
2414. shape-shapescale : Shape is a health tech startup based in San Francisco, California. We are backed by Y Combinator and the company is led by experienced hardware serial entrepreneurs. Shape has designed a product called ShapeScale. ShapeScale is transforming the way we measure our health goals by enabling you to visualize yourself in 3D and see where you have been losing fat and gaining muscle.
2415. corgi : Corgi is building the first full stack AI insurance carrier. Insurance is 12% of US GDP. We’re taking it all.
2416. persephone-biosciences : Persephone Biome develops live biotherapeutic products to modulate the metabolism of gut microbes, for applications in disease prevention and cure. We take a unique engineering approach using systems and synthetic biology to understand the complexities of the microbiome.
2417. respaid : We use AI to respectfully collect account receivables. We got 50% collection rate within 20 Days. We only need an excel file to start (we integrate as well). Our most notorious customers include DoorDash, Deel, Flexport, Clipboard Health, Vanta etc... No risk for your brand (Debtor NPS: 93)
2418. amiloz : We are a Y Combinator / Latitud backed micro-lending platform in Mexico led by talent from companies such as Capital One, Bain & Company, Konfio, DiDi, Clip, Klarna, etc. We are hyper focused on making sure that customers improve their financial lives significantly through their relationship with us. In a very short time, we have achieved significant traction with exceptional consumer outcomes and unit economics. We are also building and incorporating a significant amount of AI into our operations, so this is a great place to work for anybody who has ambitions to build real time applications of AI. Our goal is to build the biggest AI enabled consumer fintech platform in Mexico and eventually LatAm.
2419. onegraph : Connect Twitter, GitHub, Stripe, Salesforce, and more through the power of GraphQL. Acquired by Netlify in Q4 2021.
2420. inflow : Inflow is a self-help app for people to manage their ADHD. They provide support through psychoeducation, habit development, and community.
2421. customeros : The Top 10% of SaaS companies generate 87% of all market returns. CustomerOS gives you the data and tooling to compete with the top 10%. Specifically, we solve three major problems in B2B SaaS today: 1. CustomerOS is a system of record for all your customer data. We support 100+ integrations with any app or database that touches customer data. And there's no engineering required. 2. CustomerOS provides tooling for your in-life customer motion. We predict renewals (and churn), provide risk-weighted ARR forecasts, and manage all your customer workflows, from onboarding to invoicing to expansion to advocacy. 3. CustomerOS lead scores your pipeline against your ICP. We build data-driven profiles of your best customers and provide a real-time ICP-fit indicator on your sales and marketing pipeline. This ensures you're spending your CAC acquiring customers who are primed to renew year after year and expand as they grow.
2422. octavewealth : We’ll build the 401(k) you need to help attract and retain talent. OctaveWealth is operated by Quillu Inc, an SEC registered Investment Advisor.
2423. modern-health : Modern Health is the leading mental wellness platform that combines clinically validated assessments, personalized stress management support, an international network of certified behavioral health coaches, and licensed therapists to deliver mental health support across a broad range of individual needs. Modern Health empowers employers to lead the charge in helping their employees be less stressed, more engaged, and happier through evidence-based technology and professional support. Modern Health has raised over $170M from top investors Battery Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, Founders Fund, and John Doerr and supports over 200 companies globally including Lyft, Pixar, SoFi, Credit Karma, Electronic Arts, Cooley, and Okta.
2424. credibook : CrediBook digitizes the MSMEs' supply chain, from wholesale to retail, through online wholesale and bookkeeping operation system. Our online wholesale platform CrediMart aims to create an efficient inventory-sourcing. We provide online-ordering, Buy Now Pay Later (BNPL) payment method, and logistic support. We help our wholesale partners earn an additional daily income stream by 50%. Our bookkeeping app CrediBook also enables MSMEs generate financial report in less than 5 minutes and proven to speed up users’ micro-loans process from financial institutions. CrediBook strives to encourage more MSMEs to benefit digitalization from easy and efficient platforms that meet their needs.
2425. campfire-2 : Campfire is the modern accounting platform for startups and mid-size tech companies. Our product includes an accounting general ledger that has multi-entity support and advanced financial reporting such as P&L by department and contribution margin by customer. Migrate from legacy accounting software to Campfire for your accounting and financial reporting to automate manual tasks and streamline workflows to unlock financial insights and accelerate the monthly close process.
2426. topship : Topship is the easiest way for African businesses to export/import cargo, freight and parcels to their suppliers, distributors and customers. We are building Flexport for Africa. Our goal is to build a Global Distribution System that makes delivery of parcels, cargo and freight easy for African businesses.
2427. atlas : Atlas is building the operating system for restaurants. Atlas is the easiest way to start, run and grow any restaurant online and offline. We are the team that previously built Grain, a venture-backed online restaurant, to millions in revenue. Team and investors are from Grain, Accenture, Microsoft, Udacity, McKinsey, Salesforce, Y Combinator and others. https://atlas.kitchen
2428. fern : APIs underpin the internet but are still painful to work with. They are often untyped, unstandardized, and out-of-sync across multiple sources of truth. Fern enables businesses to instantly generate SDKs and Docs for their APIs.Inspired by internal tooling we saw at AWS and Palantir, we’re building Fern to let every engineering team offer easy-to-use and well-documented APIs. Founded in 2022, we’re less than 20 people, building open source, and backed by YCombinator. We work together in our office in the Williamsburg neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY. Our customers include Square, ElevenLabs, Pinecone, Webflow, and Intercom.
2429. keeper-2 : Keeper is AI-powered tax filing software that mimics the experience of going to an accountant. Just drop off your forms, answer a few questions, and let Keeper do the rest!
2430. okani : Okani is a low-cost wellness membership for the 50M Mexicans that spend 25B on healthcare out of pocket. We become patients' first point of contact with the healthcare system by providing digital primary care through chat and an app, then orchestrate the delivery of secondary healthcare with physicians, labs, pharmacies and clinics. We're founded by a team of 3 engineers and a doctor with a masters in clinical care. Pepe previously sold a startup to Cabify and ran engineering with Romario for Nubank's first international market.
2431. asteroid : Asteroid builds and host browser AI agents for complex tasks. With built-in guardrails, evaluations and human oversight, we ensure enterprise-grade reliability across millions of operations.
2432. lootrush : We create an affordable way for gamers to start playing crypto games and a secure way for investors to earn yield through NFTs.
2433. morada-uno : We screen, collect and insure residential leases; allowing brokers and landlords to close more deals with less work, and solving the biggest pain point for tenants- needing a guarantor with a property to co-sign the lease.
2434. splendor : Powered by thousands of successful proposals, Splendor's AI platform helps nonprofits write winning grant narratives and find the best funders. Our proposals capture every funder priority and maximize success rates.
2435. emburse : Emburse is an expense management platform that gives businesses more insight into and control over corporate expenses. Using Emburse, businesses may order virtual or physical MasterCard-network branded expense cards and assign these cards to employees or contractors for authorization of pre-approved business expenses.
2436. mailmodo : Mailmodo is an email marketing software that helps marketers create app-like experiences in email by adding forms, shopping cart, calendar, NPS and more widgets within the email. Our interactive emails reduce the number of steps for users, thereby increasing email conversions. You can use it to collect feedback from your users, book meetings with prospects, recover abandon carts, generate leads, and more all within emails.
2437. origin : Origin built a kiosk for offices that lets employees buy pre-packed pods from a freezer, and make them into fresh juice smoothies silently in 30 seconds. It works similar to a Keurig coffee machine, but Origin thinks it can use its smoothie maker as a Trojan horse to sell more food and other items inside the 188,000 offices in the US. Right now it earns a 56% margin on the $2.99 pods, recoups the kiosk cost in 7 weeks, and now has $30,000 in monthly recurring revenue as it grows 50% weekly. Fellow juice maker startup Juicero has run into slow demand for its expensive machine and juice subscriptions. But Origin’s in-office commerce model and cheaper pods could have a different fate if the juice tastes right.
2438. wolfia : Wolfia help your sales teams become product experts instantly. Using AI, we help answer customer sales questions, security questionnaires, and RFPs instantly without having to rely on an internal expert. Fast growing companies like Amplitude, CircleCI, Peregrine, and Sardine use Wolfia to accelerate their sales cycles and unblock deals.
2439. guac : Guac accurately forecasts demand for grocery retailers, to reduce food waste and increase availability.
2440. pump-co : Pump saves up to 60% off AWS for early stage startups, and for free (yes, that's right). Using group buying and AI, Pump automates cost savings that require no engineering effort. #GetPumped
2441. intelligent : We help businesses cut operational costs, while still exceeding customer expectations. Most businesses are consistently under- or over-staffed, which either damages customer experience or leaves money on the table (by unnecessarily increasing staffing costs). Granular, high-accuracy demand forecasting solves this issue by allowing businesses to align resources to exactly meet demand. Our demand forecasting as a service, brings simplicity & precision to this often complex and error-prone process, and quickly provides business users the right answers to run their operations.
2442. arthena : Arthena is a financial product that gives you access to the alternative asset class with the highest barrier to entry and strongest historical returns. We invest in the most liquid segment of the art market, with the lowest volatility, yielding tremendous growth uncorrelated to traditional investments. Arthena’s automated and data driven investment strategy regulates art investment by building traditional fund structures. HNWI’s can now securely and confidently diversify their portfolios into alternative assets focusing on the luxury market. Arthena has designed and built a statistically rigorous model that estimates the value of artwork over time. Since the data we obtain derives from auction records and repeat sales, our model relies on a set of features about each result. These features include include the artist’s name, medium, date of creation, origin of location and size of work. After identifying groups of work that are similar to each other, we calculate the expected ROI and estimated volatility based on the distribution of gains. Using historical auction results to simulate the performance of our funds, we leverage Monte Carlo analysis to determine annualized returns and sharpe ratios. Based on this analysis, Arthena can validate the financial viability of our product and establish statistically rigorous bounds for these estimates.
2443. mineflow : Mineflow is an AI platform for mineral exploration. We generate predictions for mineral deposit shapes and locations, empowering mining companies from initial exploration to advanced feasibility studies. Geologists need to know precisely where their deposits are because drilling is expensive. In early trials with a lithium mining company, we found that Mineflow predicts the shape of hard rock lithium deposits more than an order of magnitude more accurately than our competitors. Ryan received a BS in Artificial Intelligence from Carnegie Mellon's School of Computer Science where he helped teach both the grad-level Deep Learning course and the grad-level Search Engines course. He built ML models at Google in the Display Ads optimization org for 2 years and launched products that generated ~125m USD in ARR.
2444. reviving-mind : Navigating chronic illness is an isolating and lonely process which ultimately reduces medical adherence and adversely impacts outcomes. There are over 100 deadly chronic conditions as 1 out of 2 Americans is currently living with at least 1 chronic condition. The US healthcare system has over $1 trillion dollars in direct costs. Medical adherence rates for therapeutic programs and medicine are only 50% because patients feel lonely, isolated, and unsupported in their chronic illness journey. Reviving Mind is an in-network telehealth provider that improves clinical outcomes and program adherence for the senior medicare and medicare-advantage population that is plagued with loneliness and chronic illness. This is done through a novel and proprietary clinical program and technology platform that integrates virtual, private, curated, and professionally led groups that scale up to 8-patients with individualized and goal oriented lifestyle medicine coaching that is automated but managed by a licensed provider. Scaling rapidly across the United States.
2445. claimsorted : ClaimSorted helps insurance companies remove the hassle of managing claims by enabling them to outsource their claim operations to us. This service is known as a Third Party Administrator (TPA). Unlike traditional TPAs, we blend AI and best-in-class experts to deliver a 5-star customer experience, minimise mistakes and speed up claim assessment.
2446. plerk : We help companies to give local and remote employees flexible benefits and perks, no matter geography. A virtual card with benefits to pay for flexible perks for local and remote teams worldwide. Companies define budget, choose the programs of perks as general or granular as they decide, deploy money and give employees the power to decide the merchant. Company has total control, just one bill. Employees choose what they really need and want.
2447. verse : Verse is one of the fastest platforms ever to reach over 10 million users. We're building a home on the internet for Gen Z to showcase their identity and keep up with their friends in novel and creative ways.
2448. emobi : Emobi is the leading EV charging digital infrastructure that offers a single point of legal, financial, and technical integration, empowering EV automakers and fleets with secure, reliable, and seamless charging across networks, while maximizing charger utilization. The company also enables JustPlug and Plug & Charge: secure and fully-automated charging technology. To learn more, visit www.emobi.ai.
2449. sendo : We're making it easy, cheap and fun for startups to build on SMS again. Sendo is the most developer-friendly SMS API, with great documentation, a fast dashboard, helpful monitoring features, easier 10DLC compliance and much more. Save 40%+ compared to Twilio and other options, and get started sending messages in 1-2 days instead of waiting weeks for your 10DLC campaigns to get approved.
2450. offbeast : OffBeast is on a mission to bring bold, crave-worthy plant-based steaks to the plate. Our products are made with our proprietary manufacturing platform that creates plant-based meats with an unprecedented authentic texture at scale. More than 85% of our customers agree that OffBeast products have the best texture they've ever had in a plant-based meat product.
2451. hellosaurus : [Hellosaurus](http://www.hellosaurus.com) is an interactive video platform for kids filled with stories they can actually play instead of just watch. Top kids media creators and popular YouTube stars are already making content for our platform and transforming screen time into an active and fun experience. Hellosaurus is developing software tools for creators of high-quality kids programming to make truly participatory shows and a single distribution platform to share these creations with families everywhere. Experts in early childhood education have long stressed the importance of play for healthy cognitive and social development, and Hellosaurus supports this by empowering content creators to build enriching, interactive shows that engage kids as active participants rather than passive viewers.
2452. bikanta : Bikanta is introducing revolutionary nanodiamond-based technology to push the boundaries of current medical imaging and diagnostics, allowing researchers to answer questions and medics to detect diseases that they currently cannot. A nanodiamond is forever. They are brightly fluorescent, infinitely stable, non-toxic, functionalizable and can be used for background-free optical imaging. Early results have improved the signal by as much as 100-fold over conventional fluorescence imaging techniques. Bikanta’s vision is to redefine the boundaries of medical diagnostics by delivering cutting-edge imaging probes and background-free optical imaging.
2453. bright : Bright is Mexico’s #1 residential solar provider (think Sunrun for the developing world, starting first in Mexico). We provide the financing and software that enable thousands of student ambassadors and retail promoters to offer cheaper electricity to homes at no upfront cost, and we work with our network of hundreds of local installers and distributors to satisfy the resulting demand. Our first market is Mexico, which has more sun, higher electricity rates, and lower labor costs than the US. Bright's investors include First Round Capital, Y Combinator, and other top Silicon Valley firms.
2454. zealth : Zealth is building remote monitoring software to help hospitals provide automated continuous round-the-clock support to their cancer patients post-discharge. Hospitals are overburdened with no resources to provide care to their chronic patients once they leave the hospital. For instance, in India, there are only 2200 oncologists for 1.38 billion people. Patients travel 100 miles waiting for hours to get few minutes with the doctors. They have no easy means to manage all the toxicities and symptoms they get once they are back home. This leads to 6X lower patient retention, 4X high emergency readmissions, and poor patient outcomes. Zealth bridges this gap through its digital health intervention platform.
2455. hydra : Hydra is an open source, analytics database that makes it easy to build apps, analytics, and ML on real-time data. It operates 100-1000X faster than traditional analytics databases (OLAP) that require data ingestion and transformation from external data source like Postgres and Amazon S3. With Hydra, high performance analytical processing runs directly on live transactions and real-time event data with zero-ETL. Every Hydra project includes a fully managed Postgres database, integrated analytical processing, and bottomless, globally distributed object storage so you can ship sub-second analytics with any application in an afternoon.
2456. agilemd : At AgileMD, we are building the most advanced real-time predictive analytics and clinical algorithms platform for hospitals. Our cloud-based engine helps thousands of doctors and nurses around the country make medical decisions, so that every patient receives the highest quality and value of care based on the latest medical knowledge and data.
2457. general-proximity : 
2458. meru-health : Meru Health is an online provider for greater mental health with remote clinicians (licensed therapists & psychiatrists), a smartphone-based treatment program, a biofeedback wearable and an anonymous peer-support group. Meru Health is committed to evidence-based care and has published groundbreaking clinical outcomes in several peer-reviewed medical journals with Harvard & UC Davis. Meru Health has offices in San Mateo CA, Denver CO and Helsinki, Finland.
2459. spark : Spark is an AI-powered planning and workflow tool for large-scale clean energy developers that lets them break ground faster. With Spark, developers can search across thousands of PDFs, maps, and websites to identify requirements and screen locations in seconds, not weeks. Julia and Tae were previously engineering and product managers at Brex, Tesla, and Apple. They grew up within 10 minutes of each other in Brazil but met in the US through a shared passion for software and infrastructure for society.
2460. swiftsku : SwiftSku connects the $650B convenience store industry with management and analytics. SwiftSku’s app connects to point of sales at convenience stores in real time, enabling owners to remotely manage and monitor their stores. We take the guesswork out of running a convenience store with predictive analytics, dashboards, and reports. SwiftSku's CEO, Mit Patel, grew up managing the inventory, pricebook, and reporting of his family’s convenience stores, and, when vendors would come by, he’d bridge the language barrier as a translator. More than 85% of independent convenience stores are owned by Indian families like Mit’s. Solving convenience store owners' pains of today leads to SwiftSku's greater vision of optimizing the supply chain, facilitating a retailer agnostic consumer to brand relationship, and providing real time insights to brands and retailers.
2461. cargo : We’re redefining how teams execute GTM by making them leaner, faster and engineer-driven. In an AI-first world, we’re replacing SDR-heavy models with a hybrid approach, empowering full-cycle AEs through a blend of manual effort and automation.
2462. fractal-labs : Making a game engine that can code itself at runtime to adapt to player actions. Check out the first application of our engine, Wizard Cats (https://store.steampowered.com/app/3176500/Wizard_Cats/), with all game mechanics being generated at runtime (https://www.reddit.com/r/LocalLLaMA/comments/1el1et6/were_making_a_game_where_llms_power_spell_and/). We are three friends who met in undergrad at Princeton. The team has published multiple papers at Neurips on LLM's, developed HFT options trading algorithms, and created robust large scale server infrastructure.
2463. ananya-health : Building a standard-of-care medical device to freeze abnormal cells before they become cervical cancer, in any clinic, anywhere in the world, at 1/10 the cost. -- Ananya Health is building a portable cryoablation unit designed for every primary care clinic in the world. Our beachhead application is cervical cancer prevention -- even though cervical cancer is easy to screen for, 80% of clinics worldwide lack the infrastructure and specialized staff to treat at the earliest stages. Our platform technology allows nurses and lower level health workers to treat at the point of care for 1/10 the cost of traditional ablation, and is the only cryo device that will help us achieve the WHO target to eliminate cervical cancer in our lifetime.
2464. kabilah : Kabilah is the most trusted enterprise-grade AI platform designed specifically for nursing workflows. We reduce burnout, enhance system efficiency, and enable high quality care.
2465. dsk : 
2466. sproutfi : We're on a mission to make investing in the US markets accessible and fair to everyone in Latin America. Our social features make it seamless for investors to mingle, share investment ideas and learn from each other. We make it super easy to invest in thousands of US stocks & ETFs, with as little as a $1 USD, no account minimums, and no fees. Our team is composed of highly experienced builders hailing from Goldman Sachs, E*Trade Financial, Nubank, ING, Wise...
2467. vahan : 
2468. waydev : AI Agents for Engineering Leadership. Designed to boost productivity, predict outcomes, and support team well-being, these agents will provide insights into team mood and challenges and offer practical improvement suggestions.
2469. salient : Salient is an AI workflow automation tool for lenders. We're working with the largest auto lenders in America and are hiring!
2470. vori : Vori offers a modern operating system designed for the grocery industry. VoriOS helps independent and regional grocers streamline their inventory management, ordering, and supplier coordination, allowing them to operate more efficiently and profitably. The platform integrates real-time data to optimize stock replenishment and improve pricing strategies. Founded in 2019, Vori empowers grocers with technology that levels the playing field against larger retailers.
2471. nebullam-dba-clayton-farms : Mission: Provide people with the food they deserve. We accomplish this mission by building farm+restaurants to serve the world's freshest salads, wraps, and smoothies.
2472. big-smart-ai : Search for anything and get instant up-to-date answers with links, images, videos, and news.
2473. vote-org : 
2474. planbase : Planbase has everything health clinics need to manage their team in one place: capacity planning, employee scheduling, credentialing and payroll.
2475. capixai : CapixAI is an AI Analyst for private capital. With CapixAI, private capital funds process more deals and close them faster.
2476. dialect : Dialect is on a mission to organize the internet’s experiences and make them distributable and actionable everywhere. We’re doing this with blockchain links, or blinks, a new technology that lets businesses unbundle their product experiences from their apps and sites, allowing users to take instant, no-redirect actions wherever they are. This technology is unique to blockchain today, but as the world moves onchain, it will redefine how we interact with the internet—everywhere.
2477. gosats : GoSats is a bitcoin rewards app. We help people accumulate free bitcoin as cashbacks and rewards every time they shop in India.
2478. topline-pro : Topline Pro (formerly ProPhone) is a Generative AI platform enabling home service businesses to be easily discovered, trusted and booked, directly. The AI-driven interface rapidly and affordably creates a custom, SEO-optimized website along with a application to help sync content to and from local listings, put social media communications on autopilot and enable the business owner to easily get paid online.
2479. paragon : Paragon enables companies to build products that integrate with the SaaS ecosystem. With Paragon, software companies can integrate with hundreds of different SaaS apps in minutes while providing their customers with a seamless, unified integration experience
2480. goosebump : Goosebump is a messenger app that helps users find live music events online.
2481. platzi : Platzi cracked online education. It teaches courses on design, marketing and programming with a 70% completion rate, to over one million students worldwide. The classes include real-time collaboration among students and industry leaders as teachers. It aims to be the professional home for lifelong learning of advanced skills.
2482. wakemate : WakeMate makes personalized alarm clocks that sync with both a user's body and their cell phone, enabling the iPhone alarm system to sound at the end of a REM cycle. The application/ wristband system also provides a full sleep analysis on their Analytics Platform. The WakeMate uses a science called actigraphy to analyze your sleep. Actigraphy uses an actigraph (the WakeMate unit) placed on a subjectâ€™s wrist to monitor the motion. The motion data is then analyzed to determine sleep patterns and circadian rhythms of the subject. WakeMate was funded by the startup incubator Y Combinator.
2483. documents-me : Nouvou offers mobile file sharing and encryption solutions for enterprises. The company was founded in 2011 and is based in Santa Clara, California
2484. matter : Matter is a powerful, modern reading app that lets you save media from anywhere, pulls in your newsletters, lets you listen to your articles in a natural voice, and much more.
2485. carbic : We are a sensor company that aims to accurately capture the behavior of high throughput fluid systems. With this information we can help improve operations while reducing spills and theft. This technology could change the way the oil and gas industry, water municipalities, and anyone dealing with high volume fluid, operates. Fleets of our proprietary lightweight hardware send raw ultrasonic data directly to our server via cellular/satellite; we then use a mix of physics equations, signal processing, and anomaly detection to determine the behavior of fluid (volume and speed) in pipes.
2486. flycode : FlyCode Dunning & Payment Management AI that helps subscription merchants maximize revenue. We reduce passive churn by managing payment failures intelligently. We’re Jake, Etai, and TD and we’re building FlyCode. TL;DR: If you sell SaaS or B2C subscriptions, we’re here to help you recover lost revenue due to failed payments and involuntary churn. ‘Involuntary’ or ‘Passive’ churn is a hidden Revenue Killer 💳 for Subscription Businesses ❌ THE PROBLEM: Recovering Failed Payments is Complex Involuntary churn refers to the loss of subscribers due to payment failures, not due to them actively canceling. While it is both possible and a worthwhile strategy to attempt to win back a customer during the cancellation process — involuntary churn is not intentional and in most cases, your customers aren’t even aware that their payment failed. 💰 Bottom line? Effective payment optimization does reduce involuntary churn and will increase ARR by as much as 5-10% FLYCODE SOLUTION 💡 FlyCode leverages ML and AI to provide Payment Optimization and smart payment retries to maximize subscription revenue and reduce churn. We apply a unique model tailored to each Merchant and their customers to ensure optimal results. ⚡️Automatically recover failed subscription payments and reduce passive churn ⚡️Use ML & AI based payment optimization to find the best time to charge your customers ⚡️ Improve customer experience by coordinating payment retries with customer emails/SMS 🛠️ We support OOTB + Custom Integrations for Merchants and White-Label for Platforms
2487. agency : Agency specializes in multi-party security and compliance scenarios; we are the Palantir of compliance. We serve the most innovative companies and their teams working on critical challenges and transformative technologies by helping them achieve standards like SOC2, ISO 27001, CMMC, NIST, HIPAA, and GDPR that meet the highest levels of scrutiny from third parties. Our patented platform, Verse, integrates with GRC software like Vanta, cloud infrastructure, and your endpoints to securely handle complex multi-layered configurations, such as remote contractor use, BYODs, and federated client-hosted application deployments. Our managed security and compliance team helps high-growth software companies meet rigorous standards as quickly as possible by doing it for them. Our ETDR program enables organizations to prevent threats directly targeting their employees' personal devices, data, and online accounts while respecting their privacy. We provide customized solutions to prevent insider threats, data loss prevention, and threat intelligence while safeguarding personal privacy.
2488. simplex : Simplex is an API that allows developers to easily take actions on the web. Customers across real estate, healthcare, and finance use us to reliably fill out forms, upload/download files, and extract data, often as part of a larger AI agent workflow.
2489. sonauto : Sonauto is an AI music editor that turns prompts, lyrics, or melodies into full songs in any style. For example, in a few minutes with Sonauto you can make an original birthday song for your friend, sung by Frank Sinatra.
2490. redcarpetup : RedCarpet issues credit cards to those that banks cannot see. Currently we are one of the largest issuers of credit lines to the new-to-credit customer in India. In a population base of 800 million people with bank accounts, there are less than 40 million credit cards. By building a fullstack SDK for card issuance, underwriting as well as holding capital & collection ops, we are looking to build the Capital One of India.
2491. xendit : Xendit provides payment solutions that simplify the payment process for businesses in Southeast Asia, including Indonesia, Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam from SMEs, e-commerce startups to giant corporations. Xendit provides a secure, easy-to-integrate payment system, and seamless payment experience supported by great customer service. With a diverse range of products, Xendit’s system can accept payments from virtual accounts, credit and debit cards, eWallets, retail outlets, and also online installments. With our aim to build Indonesia and the Philippines’s payment infrastructure, Xendit is on its way shaping the next generation of unicorns by empowering startups to grow exponentially through the products we offer. Xendit is licensed and regulated in multiple countries in Southeast Asia
2492. routable : Routable’s secure B2B payments platform helps finance teams automate and simplify the payables process from invoice receipt to settlement. With support for your existing workflows and the flexibility to scale transactions from 100 to 100,000+, the platform was purpose-built to handle mass payouts reducing time spent on tedious tasks.
2493. mux : Mux is an API-first video platform designed by experts to make world-class video streaming and analytics possible for every development team. Self-optimizing videos take the guesswork out of encodings, delivery, and renditions. Mux makes your video look beautiful on every device, every time. We offer two products, Mux Video and Mux Data. Mux Video is a simple API to advanced video streaming. Powered by data and designed by video experts, Mux Video makes beautiful video possible for every development team. Post a video or live stream with a single API call, and watch it within seconds. Mux Video handles the encoding, storage, and delivery. QoE and performance analytics provided by Mux Data is included by default for every Mux video stream.This real-time data is used to create the right renditions for every device and title, resulting in greater reliability and better viewer experiences. Mux Data is a Quality of Experience analytics platform that measures the performance metrics that actually matter to viewers: rebuffering, startup time, video quality, and errors. Our intuitive dashboard quickly gives users the insight to find issues and make improvements through features like A/B testing, industry-wide scores, alerts, and detailed information about every single video view. The product works out of the box on HTML5, iOS, Android, and major OTT platforms. All data is available via exports and APIs, making it easy to integrate Mux Data into other systems.
2494. sample : Sample transforms healthcare operations from a burden into a competitive advantage. Our users build copilots in Sample to support processes like patient intake and reimbursement. These copilots don't just speed up work – they capture valuable ground-truth data that make our models smarter over time. We work with leading national providers, already have data from 76% of US oncology clinics, and our network is rapidly expanding across the nation.
2495. eight-sleep : Eight Sleep is the world's first sleep fitness brand with a mission to fuel human potential through optimal sleep. Founded in New York City in 2014, Eight Sleep leverages thermoregulation, data, and technology to design products to restore individuals to their peak energy every morning. Eight Sleep was named one of Fast Company's “Most Innovative Companies of 2018 and 2022”, and recognized by TIME's Best Inventions of 2018 and 2019.
2496. powerrouter : PowerRouter helps sales teams assign leads and contacts to the right reps, instantly within Salesforce. We provide a powerful automation engine with a drag and drop canvas to create routing rules, visually. With actionable metrics to increase speed-to-lead and account based sales support, we make it very simple to stay on top of every lead in your Salesforce CRM.
2497. soteri-skin : Soteri Skin is D2C skincare for chronic skin conditions like eczema. We’re the only non-prescription product proven to provide long-lasting relief for the 30 million Americans who suffer from eczema. How it works: Skin surface pH is constantly in flux, and many of your daily activities can throw it out of balance. People with chronic skin conditions such as eczema have a harder time regulating their skin's pH. Soteri's patented pH/LOCK™ locks skin in at a therapeutic pH for 12+ hours, which is shown to help break the cycle of skin sensitivity, whether you have eczema, psoriasis, or just a bad sunburn. Our formulations are aesthetically elegant (non-sticky, sit well under makeup, etc), safe for anyone to use, and don't require a prescription. Most people see skin health improvements within the first few weeks of application, even for tricky, chronic skin conditions like eczema and psoriasis. With Soteri Skin, anyone can enjoy healthy, glowing, pH-enomenal skin!
2498. lucy-goods-inc : If it isn’t bad enough that smokers don’t realize the scientific facts about nicotine, most non-tobacco nicotine products are poorly designed and unappealing to use. The leading gum is sold like a pharmaceutical drug, with flavoring and packaging to match. Vapes provide a cumbersome, over-the-top experience — with use as tightly restricted as cigarette smoking itself, but more juvenile, conspicuous, and highly addictive. People want, and deserve, a better way. Therefore, we want to deliver nicotine users a superior experience, and at the same time give them a way to transition out of feeling dependent. In a better society, people wouldn’t carry around the sensation that they’re stuck with an involuntary habit. Our mission isn’t to encourage nicotine use among people who haven’t started. Unlike certain vapes or other products, ours isn’t the sort coveted by underage users on social media. Our mission is to alleviate the harm related to tobacco — first and foremost, by switching people away from the most harmful products. So, at Lucy, we take an evidence based view of nicotine. Nicotine’s pleasurable properties make it an inevitable part of modern society. Therefore, minimizing harm in all nicotine products is key, in addition to giving people products and strategies for cessation. We feel that, as 1,300 people are dying of tobacco related illnesses every day in the US, the most important and immediate step toward a better society is giving nicotine consumers products they enjoy using that will cause less harm. Our first product is designed to appeal to smokers and encourage them to switch. And, looking ahead, we hope to secure approval in the future as a clinically proven smoking cessation aid, while continuing to participate in the FDA’s public hearings around how NRTs are best regulated. Our goals are simple: because harm reduction is a better strategy around nicotine delivery than abstinence or prohibition, we want to help improve public health — and reduce its costs — through a superior pure nicotine product.
2499. watchsend : Watchsend (YC S13) makes actionable software analytics that tells you where problems are and how to fix them by recording an entire app's state to extract behaviors, actionable analytics and visualize ordinary metrics in the context of the application's appearance, all in the familiar form of video.
2500. attunement : Attunement an automation workflow platform for psychiatric assessments.
2501. chorrie : Chorrie is a no-code platform that puts AI in the hands of medical billing teams to prevent denied and under-billed insurance claims. We use LLMs to empower billing teams to turn their manual claim QA into automated correctness checks. Co-founders Chris and Jorrie are MIT computer science grads and went on to work at Google, where they used similar applied AI techniques to automate content moderation workflows and prevent real-world threats. Within a month of launching with our first client, an ophthalmology practice with 8 clinics and 4 surgery centers, Chorrie has already flagged over $300k of claims that were either under-billed, or would've been denied. Learn more at www.chorrie.com.
2502. kovi : 
2503. notabene : Notabene helps businesses perform crypto transactions in a regulatory compliant way. Think of us as the SWIFT network for Crypto. New global regulations for crypto transactions are here and will be enforced over the next year. Businesses now have to follow strict rules similar to banks, or shut down. We provide a SaaS platform that allows businesses to perform due-diligence on their counter-parties and manage the risk of incoming and outgoing transactions.
2504. healia : Healia is reinventing health insurance for dual income families. Our product enables companies to pay for the out of pocket costs of any employee that enrolls in their spouse's health insurance plan. This saves customers $10k per enrollee while providing an incredible employee perk: 100% coverage of a family's health costs. We’re now up to 50+ customers coast-to-coast with over 40k employees using our product!
2505. propexo : Propexo lets engineers build, test, and launch CRE software integrations in days, not months. We modernize the developer experience for our customers, providing clear documentation and robust infrastructure to support the needs of property owners, property managers, & proptechs.
2506. fuseai : We're building a new agentic operating system to enable enterprises to automate their entire go-to-market (GTM) organizations with vertical AI agents. You can think of the platform as Salesforce meets OpenAI Operator, specifically for GTM teams. We enable you to run your entire sales deal cycle through a simple AI-powered conversational interface, built on-top of an E2E product suite - use natural language to manage customer relationships, enrich B2B contacts, find high-intent leads, and engage with clients in seconds.
2507. datafold : Datafold exists to make working with data more enjoyable and productive. We are all about empowering data and analytics engineers. We find the most tedious, error-prone, and repetitive tasks and create tools to automate them. We make the world better by giving superpowers to data professionals who solve hard problems in various domains with data.
2508. afterquery : We empower foundational AI labs, enterprises, and startups by providing high-quality human-generated datasets that are essential for fine-tuning more capable, refined, and reliable AI systems. Our thesis is that truly exceptional model performance requires the highest quality human training data. To solve for this, we are building a platform to onboard experts in various fields to work on custom datasets. Think of the working professionals at top firms and the smartest students in various subjects (PhDs). Then, whenever our clients have a request for a certain type of data, we will construct and lead a team to produce: fine-tuning data, RLHF data, benchmarks, etc. We’ve already started in finance, illustrating the importance of high-quality data in our paper posted here: https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.18062.
2509. medme-health : MedMe Health builds software for pharmacists to deliver paid clinical services like prescribing/adapting medications, point-of-care testing, giving vaccinations, and monitoring chronic conditions. Our web-based platform helps both independent pharmacies and large chains schedule appointments online, conduct virtual care, automate documentation, and flag clinical opportunities. With MedMe, our customers have increased their efficiency of clinical service delivery by 10x and increased pharmacy revenue with the same staff. For the first time, MedMe enables integrations to traditionally locally-stored pharmacy data. Our vision is to transform today’s dispensing locations to tomorrow’s health hubs.
2510. launcher-labs : Launcher Labs made consumer crypto apps, including Launchcaster (acq by Orange DAO), a leading community for launching and discovering crypto projects; Frameboard, a visual curation app and protocol; Launcher Actions, a smart contract mini-app platform; and Maindrop, a Venmo for NFTs.
2511. draftwise : DraftWise is on a mission to transform the legal industry by harnessing the power of AI. With AI-powered drafting and negotiation software, DraftWise arms lawyers with data-driven intelligence that drastically improves the complete contract workflow, from first draft to client win.
2512. luthor : Luthor is an AI-powered copilot for marketing compliance. We scan all your marketing content in real-time to flag risky language and suggest fixes, ensuring you adhere to regulations from agencies like the FTC, FDA, and SEC. With Luthor, you can manage your marketing efforts confidently, knowing your content remains compliant.
2513. prelim : At Prelim, we are on a mission to revolutionize the way financial institutions onboard new customers. We believe that the customer onboarding process should be fast, efficient, and user-friendly. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with cutting-edge technology and make a real impact on the financial industry. Our no-code platform allows banks and financial institutions to digitize their services, streamline account opening processes, and improve customer experience. By joining our team, you will be a part of a fast-paced, innovative, and dynamic work environment where you can learn and grow your skills. Our team is made up of a diverse group of individuals with a wide range of experience and expertise. We value collaboration, creativity, and a passion for problem-solving. As a member of our team, you will have the opportunity to work with experts in the field, and be challenged to think outside the box. In addition, we offer a comprehensive benefits package, flexible working hours, and a great work-life balance. We are constantly evolving and growing, and we are looking for talented individuals who share our vision and are excited to be a part of our journey. If you're passionate about fintech and want to be a part of a team that is making a real impact in the industry, then Prelim is the place for you.
2514. usergems : UserGems is an AI-driven prospecting solution for revenue teams to drive bigger pipelines, faster sales cycles, and larger deals. Whenever your customers change their jobs, UserGems automatically surfaces them as new leads to your sales reps directly in Salesforce. This enables reps to close more deals, faster. Leveraging machine learning, UserGems automatically identifies other prospects that match your best customers. That means you get a complete, up-to-date list of leads that match your ICP, persona and other key criteria so that reps spend less time sourcing leads, and more time selling.
2515. coba : Coba makes it easy for Mexican knowledge workers employed by US companies to earn in US Dollars and seamlessly spend locally in Pesos. On average, a knowledge worker will lose $1,000 per year in hidden ForEx and transfer fees. In that process, their money will touch at least 3 different accounts adding time and steps along the way. These workers’ require more than simple money movement, they demand a financial solution that addresses their specific needs: banking, saving, spending - all in two currencies. Coba allows its users to not only deposit and save their earnings in a US account, but also access critical financial services at home in Mexico - from a local credit card to integrated bill pay. With Coba, remote workers can live across two currencies... efficiently and effortlessly.
2516. maven-bio : At Maven Bio, we’re transforming BioPharma knowledge work by pairing domain-specific AI with curated industry data—letting consultants, investors, and corporate teams move from question to decision with less manual work. Our integrated BioPharma-specific platform features four flagship modules: • Maven Workflows: Monitor Maven's domain-specific AI through structured research tasks—step by step—and finalize results with confidence. • Maven Atlas: Access hundreds of pre-built indication landscapes, or generate custom ones on demand for in-depth insights. • Maven Compass: Build precise lists of companies, drugs, trials, or documents with advanced filters—move faster with AI-driven filter suggestions. • Maven Assistant: Get instant answers to your BioPharma questions, complete with direct links to primary sources. Stop burning hours on manual data hunts. Maven Bio’s continuously updated database and collaborative AI features empower you to focus on strategic decisions. We offer usage-based pricing and usage-restricted trials, plus custom solutions for unique data sources or specialized workflows. Trusted by life science consultants, BD teams, and investors worldwide, Maven Bio delivers faster, deeper insights. Book a call to learn how our purpose-built AI can transform your research and accelerate your success.
2517. front : Front powers the heart of business — the meaningful connections between teams and customers that lead to lasting relationships. Bringing email and apps together in a collaborative customer communication platform, Front drives business impact by scaling the natural conversations that create customers for life. More than 8,000 businesses are using Front today to cultivate personalized customer relationships at scale and transform their work into impact. With $204 in funding, Front is backed by leading venture capital firms including Sequoia Capital, Salesforce Ventures and Battery Ventures, as well as independent investors including top executives from PagerDuty, Atlassian, Okta, Qualtrics, and Zoom.
2518. lendflow : We help companies embed lending services into their software so they can better serve their customers by helping them access capital, increase engagement in their product, improve retention and expand their revenue per user.
2519. dyneti-technologies : 
2520. riveter-ai : Riveter is the copilot for corporate strategy. We help growth stage companies like Gusto accelerate strategic decision making, using deep market research and analysis. Riveter's analysis includes extraction and segmentation of data from 10-Ks, Investor Day decks, and other official sources. We go beyond Capital IQ to extract and calculate key company-specific metrics like gross margins, CAC, CAC payback period, ACV, customer counts, and more. Dive deeper into company documents and Riveter data with Peter, our AI Analyst.
2521. doola : doola is a “Business-in-a-Box” for creators. We take care of everything creators need to form an LLC, set up their bank account, accept payments, and manage ongoing compliance and tax filings. We realized how difficult it was to set up the full stack of software and accounts you need to get a business off the ground. This is the same problem faced by online businesses, who begin their business as a side hustle, and just want to focus on growing their business, not annoying administrative work. That’s why we built doola: to take care of it all. Today, people on every continent have launched companies with doola. (HQ: New York)
2522. golinks : GoLinks allows you to create internal links for your company that are so easy to remember and share, you don't have to bookmark or copy and paste them in emails. For example, teams use GoLinks to keep track of their dashboard at go/metrics or an employee directory at go/directory - powered by AI. These internal link systems have been a standard for productivity boost within companies like Google, Yahoo, Linkedin, Twitter, and Airbnb for years. GoLinks is the first company building this as a service for everyone else. 75% of all employees at all of our customers use GoLinks every single month. In 2023, GoLinks, launched two new productivity solutions to build off of their vision of building a Gen AI productivity suite: - GoSearch (www.gosearch.ai): An enterprise workplace search solution powered by AI. - GoProfiles (www.goprofiles.io): A hub for your team to find shared connections, celebrate wins, and boost company culture — powered by gen AI!
2523. shuttle : # Our Mission 🎯 At Shuttle, we’re on a mission to revolutionise developer experience for building web apps. Everything we do is about crafting an exceptionally simple, satisfying and effective way to do cloud development. We are open source community-driven and loved by thousands of engineers. Our vision: the ultimate platform to supercharge developers’ productivity. # About Shuttle 🚀 We are building the fastest backend development experience. [Shuttle](https://shuttle.rs/) is an open source cloud platform for developing and deploying apps with zero infra hassle. At [Shuttle](https://www.shuttle.rs/), we're on a mission to redefine the developer experience for building cloud applications. We want to empower the next generation of builders to make use of the latest and greatest cloud technologies, by crafting the simplest, fastest, and most enjoyable development experience. Shuttle is open source and our [Infrastructure from Code](https://www.shuttle.rs/blog/2022/05/09/ifc) framework paired with our cloud platform eliminates the infra hassle and accelerates app development and deployment. This is a game-changer for developer productivity - think Vercel for the backend. We have thousands of developers in our community incl. engineers from some of the top companies and have just launched Shuttle beta. We’re backed by some of the best investors in the world, including Y Combinator, HorizonVC, Abstraction Capital, Global Founders Capital, Founders of Segment, Sendbird, Head of Product at DataDog and other successful founders and executives. # Working With Us 😎 We’re a growth mindset company. We’re honest, open-minded, driven, and ambitious and we are only looking for people who share these qualities with us. We care. About each other and about our mission. We are building a culture that brings out the best in people and we truly believe that the company you work at should be the launch pad for unleashing your full potential. We keep a light and fun work environment, without unnecessary stress or anxiety. Yet we hold ourselves to very high standards and keep pushing the bar up. Continuous improvement is a must if you don’t want to be left behind. Mistakes are OK, not being willing to learn from them is not OK. Collaboration is at the core of what we do and we treat each other with respect and kindness - supportive, yet firm and ready to provide accountability where needed. We’re early stage so expect many opportunities to shape the company’s future. The best ideas win. We maintain a hacker mentality - no problem is unsolvable with the right mindset. As a team, we work on hard challenges under tight constraints and are constantly pushed out of our comfort zones - if reading this excites you, let’s talk. # Perks 🎁 - Remote-friendly, flexible working hours and workdays - Flexible holidays and paid time off - Mental and physical health stipend - Educational and self-development budget - Support for attending and presenting at relevant conferences - Health insurance - Awesome work-from-home setup & equipment - Regular company off-sites - Regular remote-friendly socials (games and more)
2524. untether-labs : Digital Clinics are facing an existential problem - fix margins, or die. We’ve built a clinic, and seen the tech they need to fix their margins. Now we’re bringing this tech back to other clinics. For our first customer, we’re projected to generate $2.5M in revenue.
2525. dioxus-labs : Dioxus makes it easy for developers to quickly build, test, deploy, and manage apps on every platform. We support building and deploying apps for the web, desktop, mobile, AR/VR, and many other exotic targets.
2526. kaiten : Kaiten is a discovery app that gives you access to culinary products and experiences from quality makers around the world. We are home to hundreds of makers from around the world including restaurants, chefs, farmers, vineyards and even knife makers and ceramicists. Find new ways to enjoy the culinary world every day. A special bottle of wine, soy sauce from a 100 year old brewery in Kyoto, working a day at a Michelin star restaurant - if amazing people make it and sell it, you'll find it on Kaiten.
2527. class-connect : ClassConnect is a lesson crowdsourcing tool for teachers. It flaunts a mix of functionality from Dropbox and Github to enable constant enhancement and distribution of high quality educational content.
2528. upstream : Upstream is an email client designed for team collaboration. We add features like channels and task-tracking functionality on top of a typical email client, so that teams can have full context and transparency on all of their conversations, and make decisions more efficiently.
2529. aviaryai : AviaryAI is the industry's first outbound AI service team for banks, credit unions, and insurance companies. In a landscape where only 18% of financial service providers make proactive outbound calls and rely heavily on emails, AviaryAI offers a groundbreaking solution. Powered by a private LLM, our suite of products helps institutions leverage Generative AI while adhering to stringent regulatory and compliance standards.
2530. findly : Findly.ai is the co-pilot for Business Intelligence that revolutionizes how businesses understand and interact with their data. By creating an engaging chat environment, it empowers decision-makers to gain insights, request reports, and generate visualizations based on their company's metrics. This seamless interaction is made possible by integrating a metric layer that comprehends all your company's metrics. The chat-based exploration simplifies complex data analysis, allowing users to generate comprehensive summaries with a single click, which can be exported to various formats. Furthermore, with the introduction of scheduled chats and action-triggered automations, Findly.ai enhances the autonomy and efficiency of decision-makers. It's more than a tool; it's a decision-making operational system aiming to facilitate decision-makers in achieving their KPIs while spending less time waiting for data.
2531. pulse-3 : Pulse converts complex information into LLM-ready inputs. Our API supports all document formats, from PDFs to Word, Excel, etc. Pulse integrates seamlessly with any existing data pipeline in minutes without any training or complexity.
2532. pnoe : PNOĒ enables health professionals to provide science-backed bio-optimization through breath analysis. For 100+ years, breath analysis (AKA metabolic testing, VO2max) has been the gold standard in anti-aging quantification, nutrition prescription, and evaluation of most critical systems, including the heart, lungs, cells, and nervous system. Until recently, it was only available in sophisticated clinics and regarded as the most valuable but underutilized assessment in medicine. PNOĒ changed that through the first easy-to-use clinical-grade breath analysis device, proprietary software package, and dedicated metabolic expert support. Through a non-invasive 10 min breath test, PNOĒ analyzes the human breath and prescribes a personalized nutrition, exercise, breathwork, and bio-optimization (i.e., red light therapy, hyperbaric chamber, IV therapy, etc.) program based on one’s biological limitations. 3,000+ health professionals trust PNOĒ because it personalizes the clients’ journey through their clinics, builds retention by quantifying progress, and enables the upsell of personalized nutrition and breathwork. All this without any effort, time commitment, or upfront cost. PNOĒ has been independently validated by Georgetown University, VA in Maryland, and Rutgers University and is trusted by leading institutions including Cenegenics, Dais Cove, MIT, UCLA, Pan Pacific, CLMBR, UCS, OURA, TONAL, Spartan Racing, and Paris Saint Germain.
2533. altay-therapeutics : Altay develops small molecule drugs to treat chronic liver diseases like liver fibrosis and liver cancer. Our co-founder Dr. Osman Ozes, led the first drug development program for Esbriet (Pirfenidone), resulting in the first FDA approved therapy for lung fibrosis. Esbriet is now a $1 billion/year drug and has already made over $6 billion in revenue. With a team that has over 70+ years of small molecule drug development experience, we intend to do the same with chronic liver diseases, which affects over 20 million Americans and represents a market size of over $30 billion. We know we are well positioned for success because we have shown excellent pre-clinical mouse data in several liver fibrosis models using our novel small molecule. We demonstrate a reduction in fibrosis with our drug, but more significantly, we show a reversal in fibrotic tissue back to normal tissue. With our current developmental strategy, we hope to have a clinic-ready compound by the end of 2021 and be in phase I clinical trials by mid of 2022.
2534. greenlite : Greenlite builds AI workers for bank and fintech compliance teams. Innovative teams use our AI workers instead of outsourced teams to onboard customers faster with higher compliance standards.
2535. kopa : Kopa is the marketplace for monthly rentals and compatible housemates. We believe that exploration and community make people whole. Kopa exists to inspire people to get out of their comfort zones, to form lasting relationships, and to live more fulfilled lives. Kopa enables people to browse rentals, find roommates, and book and pay for spaces all online.
2536. phind : Phind is an AI search engine. It uses multi-step reasoning to find the best answer for your question and generative UI to present it in the most beautiful and interactive way.
2537. olark : Olark is easy-to-use live chat software that lets you talk to customers on your website. Olark can help you track leads, drive sales, increase conversions, and provide great customer service. Real-time visitor information like login name, geographic location, purchase history and cart contents help you personalize every interaction and strengthen customer relationships. Sign up and start making your customers happier today! Click here to sign up for a demo: https://hello.olark.com/sales
2538. venue-ink : Venue.ink is a booking app for tattoo artists and studios. Receive bookings, manage your calendar, chat with clients and get paid. We help artists spend more time on art, and less time on admin.
2539. metamanagement : 
2540. prospa : 
2541. fintoc : Account-to-Account payments in Mexico and Chile.
2542. microverse : 
2543. vooma : Vooma is the AI agent for logistics. We help our customers automate manual tasks and focus on work that drives business value. Mike built self driving trucks as a founding engineer at Kodiak Robotics (prev. Uber, Otto) and led their motion planning and safety teams. Jesse grew a private equity backed logistics software company from $2M to $20M+ as CEO.
2544. pana : The first secure, end-to-end global USD account, seamlessly integrating fiat and stablecoins across 125 countries for direct-to-bank settlement—no liquidity providers, no SWIFT, no intermediaries. Both sender and receiver use the Pana app and wallet for a frictionless, real-time cross-border payment experience.
2545. hatchways : Easily customize GitHub-based technical assessments, where candidates can complete tasks like reviewing code, submitting a pull request, or improving a system’s design. Hatchways helps you build a state-of-the-art practical interview process that is customized to your role while saving you engineering interview load along the way.
2546. forge-automation : Forge Automation runs software enabled factories that deliver custom metal parts in four days or less. Instead of mechanical engineers having to wait two to three weeks for their low volume CNC parts, they can simply upload a CAD model on our platform and we will ship it out in four days or less. We aim to give mechanical engineers the "Amazon experience" for custom metal parts.
2547. daily : Daily is real-time voice, video, and AI for developers. Our cross-platform SDKs and global infrastructure enable ultra-low latency, highest quality experiences for developers building real-time voice and video AI agents. Our platform also supports integration of traditional voice/video calls, in addition to AI agent experiences.
2548. alltruists : Alltruists is a subscription for at-home, kid-friendly volunteer & giving projects for families - delivered every other month. We give kids (and grown-ups!) a way to give back anytime, anywhere. Each box is themed around one big issue in the world - from homelessness to clean water to hunger to climate action and more - and guides kids to engage with that issue in positive, meaningful ways. In each box: A proprietary mini-book to help kids learn about the issue at hand 1-2 empathy-building activities to help kids connect with others' experiences 1-2 unique volunteer projects designed with incredible nonprofit partners Online giving experience where kids direct a $5 donation (included in the box) to one of three nonprofit partner projects (There are also a few surprises in each box, little things kids can keep as reminders or touchstones so they can easily reflect on the lessons learned.)
2549. cogram : Cogram is an LLM-based productivity platform for the architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) industry. Our product automates a growing number of AEC workflows such as meeting notes, site visits, project administration, and RFP bidding.
2550. rendernet : RenderNet is an advanced AI tool designed to transform imaginative concepts into high-quality images. It simplifies the process of creating visuals with consistent characters, while offering detailed control over their poses, composition, and styles. Key features of RenderNet include FaceLock, which allows for the generation of multiple images featuring a consistent facial identity, enhancing the coherence of visual storytelling. Additionally, ControlNet provides users with the capability to fine-tune images according to specific poses and compositional guidelines, offering a high level of customization. RenderNet is suitable for a wide range of users, from graphic designers and digital artists to marketing professionals and content creators, providing a versatile tool for diverse image generation needs.
2551. relari : Relari helps AI teams simulate, test, and validate complex AI applications throughout the development lifecycle. We are the company behind continuous-eval, an open-source modular evaluation framework with metrics covering text generation, code generation, retrieval, classification, agents, and other LLM use cases. Our cloud platform generates custom synthetic data and simulates user behavior to stress test and harden GenAI applications.
2552. datanitro : DataNitro integrates Excel with Python. It's the easiest way to get data in to and out of Excel, to automate your workflow, and to run sophisticated mathematical, statistical, or financial calculations in your spreadsheet.
2553. swayable : Swayable partners with the world's leading brands and advocacy groups to change minds, behaviors and attitudes. We are hiring in data science, full stack engineering, data visualization, design, and operations. We welcome unsolicited CVs from anyone, and especially encourage women and people from under-represented groups to talk to us.
2554. mipos-dev : 
2555. coinrule : Coinrule Catches the Next Market Opportunity on Your Behalf by Automating Your Investments. Coinrule's previous Crowdfunding Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnYJ4PnSvnU
2556. ctgt : CTGT is building the next evolution of AI, towards intelligence that is foundationally designed to be efficient and trustworthy. Our enterprise-grade platform prevents AI hallucinations and errors in real-time while maximizing ROI. Based on seminal research that opens the "black box" of AI, we enable Fortune 500 companies to deploy AI with confidence through automated risk prevention, comprehensive audit trails, and institutional-grade security controls. With AI adoption surging to 72%, we help organizations avoid costly mistakes and reputation damage while achieving 99.99% reliability and 10x faster deployment times. Trusted by industry leaders and backed by prominent investors, CTGT transforms AI from a liability into a competitive advantage.
2557. booth-ai : Booth AI enables companies to supercharge their creative output with a generative-AI powered image production platform. Booth AI replaces complicated, labor intensive, time consuming and expensive commercial product lifestyle photoshoots. Brand managers, merchandisers, and marketers can produce beautiful lifestyle images in a matter of seconds at a fraction of the cost of traditional photoshoots.
2558. bitesight : BiteSight shows users videos of food we think they will love from nearby restaurants and delivers it right to their door. Zac and Lucious studied together at UT Austin. Zac did CS and AI Research, and Lucious built his first $1M ARR product while moonlighting at a YC startup at age 19. Since launching the beta in February, BiteSight has onboarded 274 restaurants in SF, handled 211 orders, and users are growing more than 50% each week, all organically. UberEats and DoorDash have become cluttered and impersonal super apps. They've created a $30B opportunity for a delivery app that puts the customer experience first by combining high-quality videos, recommendations, and social proof from your most trusted food critics - your friends.
2559. middesk : Middesk's mission is to enable every business to access the products and services they need to grow and thrive. We believe that if we can make it easy for a business to access financial products, hire new employees, and transact with other businesses, that we increase the odds of success for that business to contribute to its community and the broader economy. Our Identity provides accurate, complete information that financial services companies need to make efficient onboarding decisions. Our Agent product makes it easy for employers to file with the state and federal agencies needed to establish their business across the country. Our customers include Affirm, Brex, Plaid, Mercury, Divvy, Rippling, Gusto, and others. Based in San Francisco, CA, Middesk is backed by Sequoia Capital, Accel Partners, and Y Combinator.
2560. cashmere : Cashmere is a multisig solana wallet for enterprises to manage their digital assets. Instead of running their business from one person’s wallet, startups can use our wallet to securely manage their funds.
2561. axle : Axle is Plaid for insurance - a universal API for insurance data. With Axle, companies can instantly verify insurance and monitor ongoing coverage, helping them reduce operational cost while creating a frictionless experience for users. Axle is backed by leading investors including Y Combinator and Gradient Ventures, Google's AI-focused venture fund, and angels from industry leaders like Plaid and Cox Automotive.
2562. dripos : Dripos is the only piece of software a coffee shop needs to run their business. We offer point of sale, employee scheduling, mobile ordering, and more to the 100,000 cafes in the United States.
2563. overstand-labs : If you’re a founder and feel like you—or your exec team—are too far removed from the customer, Overstand is here to help. We’re the platform (and API) for your customer communications, turning Slack, emails, WhatsApp, call recordings, and more into actionable insights. For example, we can help you discover feature requests hidden in customer emails, spot upsell opportunities from a casual Slack message, or identify a critical support issue buried in a call transcript -- all without having to depend on others in your company to fill out a form or write meeting notes. Get back to Founder Mode by spotting trends, uncovering growth opportunities, and staying deeply connected to your customers. Overstand makes it easy to understand where you’re needed most and take action that drives impact. 🚀
2564. fleetworks : FleetWorks automates the 2B phone calls and emails that the freight industry makes every year. We use voice synthesis, generative AI, and integrations with logistics systems to solve the largest cost in this industry - people. When Uber Freight needs to ship a truckload of Coca-Cola going from Phoenix to Bentonville. They can use FleetWorks to call the driver to get an ETA, alert the receiver and shipper that the driver is running late, and reschedule the appointment - all with automated text messages, phone calls, and emails.
2565. segmed : Segmed provides at-scale access to novel clinical data globally, offering millions of diagnostic-grade medical images to accelerate innovation and mature the evidence needs of life sciences and technology industry. ‍ Our solutions allow you to access a Real World Data (RWD) network to facilitate rapid discovery and investigational capability of imaging data, development of early disease detection & prediction models, improved patient recruitment and reduced operating burden to access therapeutic data ecosystem.
2566. integuru : Integuru builds low-latency integrations with platforms lacking official APIs. We developed the first AI agent that automates the creation of permissionless integrations. Our services include authentication management, building integrations, and hosting.
2567. fampay : With FamPay, minors can do UPI, P2P and card payments without the need to set up a bank account. FamPay allows parents to send money to their kids below the age of 18, which they can spend securely any time, anywhere, under parent’s supervision. FamPay aims at making payments smooth and fun for children.
2568. instant : Instant is the modern Firebase. We make it easy to build realtime and collaborative applications like Notion or Figma.
2569. blockstamp : Blockstamp is an asset management software for industrial equipment. We provide in-depth analytics and fleet management dashboards for industrial equipments (forklifts, cranes, hoists, etc.). We help large manufacturing companies manage their fleets of industrial equipment to allow them to make business decisions.
2570. cuckoo-labs : Cuckoo is a real-time AI translator for global sales, marketing, and support. Companies like Snowflake and PagerDuty use Cuckoo in Zoom and in-person meetings for even the most technical discussions. Cuckoo instantly learns the technical details of your conversation from your keywords and documents and interprets into over 20 languages—customized for your specific industry and organization.
2571. gradia-health : Our mission is simple: challenge archaic rules and implied medical conventions in healthcare to better serve patients and physicians. Gradia is the backbone of the entire patient experience, helping patients get personalized, high-touch care while also making clinics more money. With our software patients can stay informed/educated about the status of their care, easily communicate with their providers, and get direct access to a specialized virtual care team. Our software is currently at several clinics across the Southeastern US and helping thousands of patients get the care they deserve.
2572. voltic : We are working to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the shipping industry by replacing fuel with solar panels. Solar-powered cargo ships have the potential to eliminate 2.2% of global CO2 production, while simultaneously cutting shipping costs by 50-75% depending on route. We are making a boat that is both greener and cheaper.
2573. shopwith : 
2574. teabot : teaBOT offers an amenity-as-a-services to offices and showrooms. Your staff and clients will love coming to your space and sharing their custom-made tea blend with colleagues and guests! Offices like Google, HubSpot, and McKinsey use teaBOT as a recruiting and retention tool to have their teams love coming into the office! Details at www.teabot.com
2575. bluebirds : Bluebirds helps GTM teams automate outbound targeting with signals. Save your reps 2 hours a day from list building and prospect research. Create custom intent signals from trusted data sources in 3 minutes. Bluebirds continuously scans your market and delivers ready-to-prospect Leads to your CRM.
2576. bite-ninja : Our platform enables fast food and quick service restaurant workers to take orders and payments remotely
2577. tequitable : tEQuitable helps companies get in front of and prevent harassment. We are an independent, confidential platform to address issues of bias, discrimination, and harassment in the workplace. For employees, we provide a sounding board they can consult without fear of retribution on issues ranging from subtle, insidious slights and invalidations to overt discrimination and harassment. For companies, we provide data and insights to identify systemic issues, track behavioral trends, and develop actionable recommendations. tEQuitable is using technology to make workplaces more equitable.
2578. finbar : Global financial data, available seconds after release. Cleaned tabular & time series data from 1000s of companies, maintained by proprietary ML, NLP, and OCR techniques. Seamless integration: update your model in 3 clicks, within 5 minutes of publication.
2579. direct-match : Direct Match was a venture-backed startup building the first all-to-all US Treasury trading venue.
2580. zeal : 
2581. usul : Usul is the all-in-one platform to win defense contracts. We help governments adopt defense technologies faster than ever before. Get started at https://www.usul.com/
2582. commodityai : We build software that supports the movement of millions of tons of raw commodities like sugar, cocoa, and coffee around the world. Our trading and operations management platform serves as a system of record, powered by AI automation that eliminates the friction points in operating a physical trading and distribution business. Our team consists of an experienced commodity trader with 8 years of experience and two skilled engineers with a combined 13 years of experience from Samsara and Autodesk.
2583. yhat : Yhat (YC W15, pronounced y-hat) was an end-to-end data science platform. Acquired by Alteryx (NYSE:AYX)
2584. fintool : Fintool.com is a financial copilot for institutional investors. It’s ChatGPT on top of financial documents. Fintool is engineered to discover financial insights that are beyond the reach of human analysis or search software.
2585. flaviar : Flaviar, a spirits tasting club, offers a subscription service that helps members discover new liquor products through sample tasting packs. Every month, subscribers receive a tasting kit featuring 3 samples of spirits that have been sourced from across the globe.
2586. pharos : Pharos automates hospital quality reporting, saving millions in labour costs and helping to prevent avoidable patient harm. Today, clinicians spend thousands of hours manually pulling complex facts out of medical records for mandatory reporting and quality improvement. Our AI pulls those facts out of unstructured medical records automatically. We automate reporting and show staff where avoidable patient harm is happening.
2587. harper : At Harper (fka Tatch) are building an infinitely scalable commercial insurance brokerage using proprietary software, AI agents, and expert human training operators. Our initial focus is surplus lines insurance.
2588. common-paper : Common Paper is a contracting platform that helps startups close deals with their customers faster and with less risk. We create standard, open-source contracts for commercial transactions, including NDAs, DPAs, and sales agreements. These are analogous to the SAFE, but are between customers and vendors rather than investors and startups. The standardized format means that data within contracts is structured from inception. We build software for managing standard contracts, accelerating sales cycles, and making the data within the contracts programmatically accessible to other business systems. Thousands of people have downloaded our standard contracts, and 63% of the contracts on our system close within 24 hours.
2589. names-and-faces : Build a visual index of everyone in your organization that's instantly accessible, fully customizable, and always connected to your data. Help everyone from the CEO to the new joiner get to know who's who, get context for where people fit in and get in touch when they need to.
2590. wordware : 1. Collaborative IDE for Building AI Agents 2. At its heart is a new programming language that merges plain English with concepts like loops, conditional statements, and function calling. 3. We also support forking, API deployment and sharing as a hosted app. We have 300,000 users, and many companies paying us between 199 and 10k per month.
2591. 42floors : *Acquired by Knotel in 2018 42Floors was founded in November of 2011 with the vision of making it easy to discover and create your dream office space. Based in San Francisco, the 42Floors team is made up of experienced entrepreneurs, engineers, and real estate professionals. All with a passion for making the commercial real estate search process easier for everyone. On the site, you'll find available spaces, complete with high quality photography and all the data you need to make a decision. The site 100% free to use. 42Floors is currently in every major market in the United States, and we are still growing. We're always here to serve you.
2592. mind-emulation-foundation : 
2593. devcycle : DevCycle empowers development teams with seamless management of code deployment and feature releases. Our flexible and integrated Feature Management solution, specifically designed for developers, grants teams full control over their feature flags while preventing the accumulation of tech debt. With our scalable and cost-efficient platform, teams can focus on what truly matters—building exceptional software—without being bogged down by the complexities of feature management. Previously known as Taplytics, born at Y Combinator in Silicon Valley as an A/B Testing and Experimentation solution for product and marketing teams, we have evolved into DevCycle, a trusted Feature Management Solution utilized by some of the world's largest brands. Serving millions of end-users and launching billions of events, we understand the demands of high-scale operations.
2594. standard-data : Standard Data builds interactive copilots for highly skilled manufacturing roles. U.S. manufacturing is in crisis. Despite surging growth, by 2030 the United States will have 4 million unfilled roles. Automation will not be capable of replacing these skilled roles - to create a safe, prosperous future, we must secure the next generation of manufacturing talent.
2595. lucible : Lucible is a combined checking and investment account that allows you to invest 100% of your money while still being able to spend it. Whenever you spend, we issue a loan in real time, using your investments as collateral, to cover the cost. This is the most capital and tax efficient way to manage your money. It's what the ultra wealthy already do to finance large purchases, and now you can do it for every day spending.
2596. xeol : Pronounced Zee-O-L. End-of-life (EOL) and outdated software are a black box of vulnerabilities with very limited remediation paths. These 2 factors combine to make managing them a necessary proactive practice. Xeol enables enterprises and Fortune 500s to create a proactive EOL management program that directly contributes to better vulnerability management and lower cyber insurance.
2597. tella : 
2598. jam-gg : At the crossroads of online gaming and video chatting, jam.gg is a web platform to play awesome multiplayer games with your friends. Jam.gg focuses on hyper accessibility with a patented technology cutting the internet bandwidth requirement by 15 on average. Jam.gg features top retro, pc indie and board games.
2599. storyworth : Storyworth is a service that makes it easy for families to record their stories. Each week they email their customers a question about their life, for example "What do you remember of your grandmother?". Their customers reply by email, and the stories are saved and shared privately with their family. At the end of a year, their stories are bound in a beautiful keepsake book.
2600. businessonbot : We help D2C brands and SMBs in India acquire customers and sell on WhatsApp. We do this by offering attribution based marketing and storefront ordering through a commerce bot with vernacular support.
2601. castle-2 : Instantly stop automated and human-originated account takeovers, fake accounts, and any behavior that violates your platform policies.
2602. nabis : Nabis is the #1 licensed cannabis wholesaling platform in California, supporting over 300 exclusive brands and supplying the entire network of state-licensed dispensaries with top-tier products. Nabis offers clients lightning-fast fulfillment, warehousing, payment processing, financing, data analytics, sales and marketing services to enable more brands and retailers to innovate, launch and scale.
2603. helpnow : We are creating an aggregated network of Ambulances, and "MedCabs", i.e. ridesharing cabs converted into Medical first responder network, to drastically reduce medical help arrival time in India and save 70,000+ lives daily.
2604. garten : We're a Top YCombinator S16 and YCG F19 company empowering people to live healthy and blissful lives. We create healthy and happy employees through nutrition and wellness services. We have built a sophisticated tech stack utilizing AI and IoT to enable a flexible supply chain, being completely asset lite, and full wellbeing analytics. We work with some of world’s top companies such as Apple, Google, Amazon, Kaiser, Stanford, Stripe, Nike, Lyft, and many more.
2605. monto : Through our platform employees of our affiliated companies can access their earned wages on-demand for a low fixed fee.
2606. messageparty : 
2607. dots-2 : Dots is a developer-friendly API that lets businesses pay their contractors through just a few lines of code. Whether its gig workers like Uber drivers, sellers on marketplaces like Etsy, or simply your local handyman - Dots’ abstracts away the complexity of payouts completely. We manage the entire process: information collection (KYC), payments through any rail (ACH, Venmo, CashApp, Zelle, international, and many more to come), and even filing tax forms! Dots lets developers get payouts up and running over just a few hours, rather than the many months this would normally take.
2608. giveffect : Giveffect provides a powerful all-in-one software platform exclusively for nonprofits. We offer fundraising, events, online donations, volunteer management, donor management, marketing, constituent relationship management software, and more. We are well positioned for rapid expansion in the coming years and have garnered top industry recognition for our platform.
2609. andi : Instead of just links, Andi gives you answers - like chatting with a smart friend. Andi is a new type of search engine that uses generative AI and language models combined with live data to generate factually correct answers to questions, and to explain and summarize information combined from the best sources. Andi works as a search chatbot that's ad-free and privacy-focused. Ask Andi to... ✅ Answer questions 🧠 Find, summarize and explain information 🔍 Navigate and search the web Search is broken because of SEO spam, ads, and surveillance capitalism. Andi cuts through the clutter to get you straight to the knowledge you need. It presents results visually in a way that's easy to understand with a simple chat interface, and protects you from ad tech and distraction.
2610. educato-ai : Educato builds exam prep platforms worldwide using AI. Online exam prep has existed for decades, yet the big players all target the same top 10 exams in the US. The reality is that most exams around the world still have little to no quality online prep material, including many taken by hundreds of thousands of students each year. Educato uses AI to generate high-quality prep content for these exams. LLMs allow us to target the profitable fat middle in the distribution of exams, historically overlooked by education companies.
2611. rootly : Rootly is a modern on-call and incident management platform used by top YC companies like Dropbox, Lattice, Webflow, Faire, but also Figma, LinkedIn, NVIDIA and 100s more.
2612. curacel : AI-powered API to sell & process insurance across emerging markets globally. At Curacel, we leverage artificial intelligence to make it faster and more efficient to access and manage insurance. Our solutions help insurers reduce fraud, streamline claims, and improve customer experience. We are building the infrastructure to make insurance work seamlessly for the next billion users across Africa and other emerging markets.
2613. vorticity : Many pressing problems facing humanity can be solved with faster scientific compute. Currently, it takes billions of dollars to design and develop a new fusion reactor, a hyper-sonic airplane or a new cancer treatment. This is because scientists and engineers have to build very expensive things before they even know if their ideas work. But what if we can simulate the workings of these ideas (and more) on computers first and have high confidence that it works before we build really expensive things? The work of humanity's greatest scientists over the years has given us the physics and math to do this. The problem is that we simply do not have the computing power to solve these big problems. To address this, the Vorticity Inc is re-imagining scientific computing all the way down to processor architecture and system design. Our proven technology is already helping the energy, life sciences and aerospace industries.
2614. plane : Plane is an all-in-one people platform for fast-growing teams. We build easy-to-use payroll and compliance tools that help companies go global from day one.
2615. buildjet : BuildJet makes CI faster by running its own cloud on top of Gaming CPUs Today, BuildJet offers a CI product that makes GitHub Actions 2x faster and cheaper, by plugging in BuildJet's Gaming CPU Cloud into GitHub Actions. Simply change 1 line, and enjoy the speed-up.
2616. camfer : We’re building the first AI mechanical engineer that collaborates with humans to do design tasks end-to-end. Human engineers can talk to camfer to build, test, and iterate 3D designs natively on CAD platforms.
2617. banner : Banner is the operating system for real estate teams. From building acquisition to disposition, Banner moves all communications, workflows, spreadsheets, and file-sharing into one system. With Banner, customers automate away 80%+ of their administrative work, saving up to 10% on project costs. The company is founded by Mark Murphy who formerly worked in RE finance, along with Kunal Chaudhary and Eric Gao, both UC Berkeley EECS alums.
2618. accord : Accord helps CEOs and Revenue Leaders drive execution excellence when it comes to selling, onboarding, and expanding their customer base. Native to your CRM, predictably win, onboard, and expand by creating accountability + enforcing your standards for excellence when it comes to engaging with customers
2619. savein : SaveIN connects people with quality healthcare practices near them and enables them to split their entire medical and wellness bills into monthly instalments. Over 80% of healthcare expense in India is borne out of pocket since less than 10% of Indians have private health insurance. On top of this medical inflation is 15% per annum, thereby making paying for private care expensive and frictional. 5000+ healthcare practices in India now use SaveIN to be discovered by millions of high intent customers near them and offer instant, monthly payment plans for all healthcare services, thereby making it a win-win proposition for all.
2620. credictive : 
2621. gigwell : Gigwell is building the future of live event bookings. Our platform is trusted by over 80,000 touring artists and venues using Gigwell to streamline the booking process -from managing booking requests to handling electronic contracts and online payments. We have facilitated over $3B in gigs on our platform, in verticals ranging from DJs & Musicians to Public Speakers and Comedians. Leveraging a network of thousands of industry professionals and talent buyers, Gigwell is hyper-tailored to the workflow of a $200B industry that still operates on Excel spreadsheets and Word documents. Gigwell is the first integrated, vertical SaaS platform that integrates end-to-end workflow automation for artists, booking, and management agencies. We provide a simple solution for managing artist logistics, collecting and tracking payments electronically, negotiating contracts and talent availabilities, and monitoring revenue goals. Gigwell has been featured in TechCrunch, Billboard, DJ Mag, Hypebot, DJ Times, and Magnetic Mag and awarded the most promising startup from Nitey Awards and SF MusicTech’s StartUp Innovators Challenge.
2622. nimbus : 
2623. compose-ai : Compose AI is a free Chrome extension that helps automate your writing using AI. You know how Gmail autocompletes your emails? Compose.ai is like that but everywhere, like how Grammarly works.
2624. superorder : Superorder enables restaurant chains to build customer loyalty, enhance operational efficiency, and maximize profitability. Superorder has a robust network of restaurant partners that include Marco's Pizza, KFC, Pizza Hut, Wow Bao, and Del Taco.
2625. verihubs : Verihubs is an Indonesian AI-powered verification company. We have helped more than 300 companies ranging from digital disruptors to Fortune 500 companies in Southeast Asia. Ranked #1 in Indonesia by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) in terms of performance and accuracy, our AI-based face recognition (FR) technology became a staple in fraud prevention in this new era of digital acceleration. Our solutions have been trusted by BCA—the largest private bank in Indonesia, IFG (one of the largest state-owned insurance), Commonwealth Bank, Maybank, Bukalapak, FAZZ, Ministry of Finance, and many other industry leaders. The pandemic has accelerated the digital development and adoption of products, services, and processes by 4-7 years according to recent studies. However, the verification solutions and related data to meet these digital needs are still so behind the ideal mark. We at Verihubs are on a mission to build an all-inclusive automated and instant verification platform for Indonesia.
2626. meson : Meson is the faster and safer way to execute low-cost, zero-slippage stablecoin cross-chain swaps across all leading blockchains and layer-2 rollups.
2627. roark : Roark is an observability and testing platform for voice AI that shows whether your agent meets its goals, tracks caller sentiment, and replays real calls to test changes before deploying them. We already process hundreds of calls per week for healthcare and legal teams, saving hours of manual QA and helping them fix issues faster.
2628. crowdvolt : CrowdVolt is a two-sided, bid-ask style live event marketplace similar to StockX. We’ve created the only secondary ticket exchange that supports fully automated order fulfillment. Contact us at founders@crowdvolt.com
2629. mesh : Mesh is a performance management platform that makes it easy for employees to accomplish goals and get timely feedback, especially in remote teams. It looks like Facebook, and instead of filling boring HR forms, employees like & comment on each other’s progress.
2630. langdock : Langdock is a comprehensive and secure platform for deploying AI in companies. From a powerful chat interface for all employees to tools for creating custom workflow automations with AI-driven agents.
2631. lunajoy : LunaJoy is a precision mental health platform that is specialized in women's mental health through all phases of life including adolescence, pregnancy, postpartum, infertility, miscarriage, loss, perimenopause, and aging. We deliver care by creating a specialized workforce to provide targeted psychotherapy, medication management + genetic testing, coaching, and holistic wellness. LunaJoy utilizes technology and data science to provide intelligent touchpoints that decrease costs and accelerate outcomes. We are increasing our in-network footprint to provide truly accessible care for all. Women are twice as likely to experience mental health difficulties. Rates are even higher for women of color and LGBTQ+ folks. Women are 3x more likely to experience sexual, physical, emotional trauma which is a predictor for mental illness. This is just the tip of the iceberg! Physiologically, women experience hormonal fluctuations which make them more vulnerable to mental health issues during times of transition such as puberty, pregnancy, postpartum, and menopause. We also face unique stressors as the emotional bedrock of our homes, supporting young families, elderly adults, and a huge part of the workforce. The downstream effects of this gap in care are far-reaching into our ecosystems. Currently, mental health care is expensive, inconvenient, and generalist where a specialized approach is needed. When we attend to women’s mental health, we all shine brighter!
2632. infeedo-ai : In 2016, we set out on a mission to make 100 million employees heard and valued. Today we’re Asia’s leading employee experience platform that helps engage employees, predict attrition & answer FAQs with conversational AI that people love ❤️ From India’s Shark Tank to Tiger Global. We’re backed by Y Combinator, Bling Capital and founders of Gainsight, Freshworks, Zeta, Lenskart, innov8. As a Chief Listening Officer, our A.I. bot Amber helps people-first leaders find hidden gaps in their culture, managers and wellbeing in real time. Spanning across 60 countries, our customers include MNCs like Samsung, Xiaomi, Lenovo, conglomerates like TATA, Godrej, Bharti. Come join our mission to help build cultures where people love to come to work. For career opportunities, please visit our careers page: jobs.infeedo.com
2633. soundboks : SOUNDBOKS is a Copenhagen-based, Y Combinator backed, hardware start-up developing and selling the world's loudest battery powered speaker. SOUNDBOKS was founded in 2015 by three young Danes who shared the same love and passion for music, amazing parties and festivals. Today, SOUNDBOKS is Scandinavia's fastest growing hardware start-up delivering speakers to happy customers all over Europe & North America. In March 2016, SOUNDBOKS launched the most succesful Danish Kickstarter Campaign of all time! We are a young, ambitious team ready to take on the challenge of becoming the number 1 brand for outdoor audio and provide world-class service to our customers. JOIN THE PARTY, JOIN SOUNDBOKS.
2634. bamboo : Bamboo is the first online brokerage service that gives wealthy Africans and their wealth managers direct access to the US and global securities. We’re building Fidelity for the African continent. For wealthy Africans and their asset managers, investing in the global capital markets is cumbersome, expensive and practically inaccessible. In Nigeria, Africa's largest economy and home to 30% of all the wealth in Sub Saharan Africa (excluding South Africa), 99.99% of the investing population do not have access to invest globally. Even for the 0.01%, if you wanted to buy a US stock, you’d have to call your asset manager who would then call an international broker to execute a trade. This is inefficient & expensive! We have a mobile app that allows individuals trade the US stock markets by themselves and a brokerage tool for asset managers to execute trades directly & manage multilple portfolios seamlessly.
2635. axal : Axal decreases the risk of modernization by automating the identification of architectural technical debt in monolithic codebases and prioritizing refactoring opportunities based on business goals. We provide observability into your codebase, finding anti-patterns that stop your team from reaching their goals. By identifying domains (logical areas of functionality) within the monolith, Axal quantifies areas of technical debt into KPIs, helping executives pinpoint where modernization efforts will be most effective so your team can focus on the important work first.
2636. epsilon3-inc : Epsilon3 is the OS for spacecraft and complex operations. We are a growing team of engineers formerly from SpaceX, Google, and Stanford. Our team worked firsthand on over 100 launches, including training and coordinating operations for multiple astronauts who successfully traveled to space and back. We are taking everything we learned and building software to make testing and operations as efficient, error-free, and enjoyable as possible. Our first product is a web-based platform for managing and tracking test and operational procedures.
2637. pirouette-pharma : At Pirouette, we have developed a low-profile, disk-shaped, rugged injection device with a patient-centric focus on affordability, portability, and usability. The patented device, based on extensive patient input, is designed to make administering an injection as easy as pushing a button. This allows individuals with limited or no training to easily and intuitively perform an injection on themselves or others.
2638. blue-onion-labs : We integrate via API across a company’s stack to trace and reconcile millions of financial transactions across multiple systems, providing the functionality of a legacy ERP system without the time and cost of a traditional implementation.
2639. mofe : Museum of Future Experiences (MoFE) is a media tech company that creates, publishes and distributes high end immersive VR experiences.
2640. deasy-labs : Deasy Labs provides metadata orchestration for AI workflows. Deasie's platform provides the best way for AI teams to create and embed high-quality, customized metadata into their AI workflows (e.g., RAG, Agentic frameworks). Our three founders (from Amazon, McKinsey/QuantumBlack & MIT) previously built an ML data governance tool from 0 to 1 within McKinsey, which we deployed with 11 Fortune 500 companies. We saw in early 2023 the ability to create high-quality metadata (without reliance on domain experts) would be a key factor in achieving the accuracy & speed in GenAI applications required for production. Our investors include General Catalyst, Y Combinator, RTP Global and world experts in enterprise data. Website: https://deasylabs.com
2641. scale-ai : Scale accelerates the development of AI within organizations of any size to deliver critical business insights and operational efficiency. Its data-centric infrastructure platform leverages RLHF (Reinforced Learning with Human Feedback) to help organizations build the strongest AI models that supercharge their business, with customers across industries including Meta, Microsoft, U.S. Army, DoD’s Defense Innovation Unit, Open AI, General Motors, Toyota Research Institute, Brex, Instacart and Flexport.
2642. nanonets : Nanonets is an AI-driven solution that automates document processing and data extraction workflows. Leveraging advanced Optical Character Recognition (OCR) and deep learning models, Nanonets helps companies automate document-heavy business processes like accounts payable, order processing and insurance underwriting. Nanonets processes unstructured documents such as invoices, receipts, purchase orders, contracts, claims, and forms and converts them into structured output.
2643. whatnot : Whatnot is the largest livestream shopping platform in the U.S., connecting buyers and sellers in real-time across any category – from collectibles like trading cards to comics, fashion, sneakers, and more.
2644. sivo : Sivo provides debt as a service. Our API and risk protocol allows fintechs, neobanks, and gig platforms to lend money to their users, at scale, without having to raise debt which can take up to two years. You can think of us as Stripe for Debt. We started 6 months ago, in March signed a $100m debt capital partnership, and will be launching our API in April. We already have more than 100 companies in our customer pipeline including Uber. We’ve been able to move so quickly because we are a team with previous exits and decades of experience in risk, debt, and enterprise software for companies including Goldman Sachs, Revolut, NASA, McKinsey and Citigroup.
2645. typeless : Typeless is an AI messaging API designed to facilitate communication for businesses and professionals. Our API generates smart, context-aware response suggestions to enhance messaging platforms in a variety of industries, from real estate to customer support. For example, a real estate platform can use Typeless to automate responses for scheduling property viewings, answering client inquiries, and handling follow-ups. Similarly, a customer service platform can enable agents to respond faster with personalized, AI-driven suggestions for customer questions and issues. You can download our demo messaging app built with the TypeLess API on the app store: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/typeless-ai-messenger/id6478489620
2646. poliglota : Poliglota is the online language school for Latam, where group classes are led by an instructor. Over 12,000 students have paid us $500 to learn english in order to get a higher income. We offer an online service of personalized language sessions with small groups of people of the same level, guided by expert language coaches that we train in our social methodology.
2647. material-depot : The problem - Material discovery today is a big pain for the design community Countless hours are spent browsing to catalogues, visiting offline stores, coordinating with vendors for samples, getting quotations and finalizing materials. All of this process removes focus and causes hindrance to the process of design The Solution - Discovery engine and AI design tools to make the process easy and seamless We are building a digital library of materials across different categories with seamless search functionalities. On top that we are enabling the community with a image recognition tool and a digital mood board to embed the right material in the design
2648. leya : Leya is an AI-powered workspace for law firms and legal professionals. Leya lets lawyers automate their repetitive tasks and access public sources and their own data on one single platform. Learn more at https://www.leya.law/
2649. scout : 
2650. pax-markets-inc : PAX is a new crypto exchange and is the first – in all capital markets – to operate from a single chip rather than an entire datacenter. Today, high frequency traders ("HFTs") pay handsomely to co-locate ("co-lo") their algorithms near to the exchange. PAX moves traders to within nanometers of the exchange – closer than ever before possible. Such proximity unlocks unprecedented value to high frequency customers and PAX shares this value by offering zero-fee with cash-back to every other market participant on every trade. PAX is to exchange as Robinhood was to retail brokerage: the first in the industry to “go to zero” and a complete game changer across every asset and geography. PAX founders, Pete and Ben have spent years working as high-frequency traders, from crypto to traditional markets. Having directly experienced the benefit of electronic trading, they share a belief in its potential to further evolve and create better global markets.
2651. feather-2 : Feather is a building a suite of AI employees for the mortgage industry. We are automating most manual human tasks with the use of AI.
2652. complete : The complete way to communicate compensation, starting with our interactive offer letters.
2653. 91squarefeet : 91Squarefeet is solving the coordination problem in interior projects. These projects require high-frequency coordination over a small time window, and we have found a neat solution. Our tech, Rdash.io, onboarded 150 organizations in its first 12 months. ICICI Bank, Shopper Stop, and Simpliwork use it for project tracking, subcontracting, and procurement. Monthly, $15Mn projects are created and $5Mn procurement happens on Rdash. Companies that are using Rdash typically save 10% in their fit-out expenditure. On the back of this tech, we have scaled our business of building offices and retail shops to $10Mn Annualised Revenue. We have built 1100+ offices and retail shops for MongoDB, HSBC, Calvin Klein, and 60 other customers.
2654. courtyard-io : Courtyard.io (YC W’22) is a marketplace and tokenization service that enables anyone to easily own and trade physical collectibles on the blockchain, unlocking greater transparency, liquidity, and a powerful new form of ownership. For vaulting, we’re partnered with Brink’s – one of the global leaders in security and logistics. We’re currently focused on graded cards, and offer a variety of slab Vending Machines along with curated mystery pack Drops to provide a fun, fair, and transparent way for enthusiasts and new collectors alike to grow their collections.
2655. ready : Ready builds software tools that help utility stakeholders collaborate, so that more families get better utility services at lower cost. Ready Digital Infrastructure empowers utilities to deliver next-generation digital services.
2656. talkito : 
2657. candid-health : 
2658. bolto : AI-powered recruiting and HR platform. Find and hire the best pre-vetted global software talent and simplify onboarding, payroll, and compliance.
2659. pair-team : Pair Team cares for the highest-need Medicaid recipients through a community-led, virtual care model. We take responsibility for the whole person by addressing not just clinical needs, but also health-related social needs such as housing instability and food access. We partner with local community-based organizations like shelters and safety net providers to coordinate care alongside our multidisciplinary care team to improve the wellbeing of underserved individuals and communities.
2660. vergesense : VergeSense is a Y Combinator-backed startup that develops an AI-powered sensing device for facility management. The sensor-as-a-system platform consists of sensing devices containing a series of different sensor hardware, including an image sensor, coupled with a cloud platform for pre-training machine learning models that run on the hardware, process data and report occupancy analysis back to VergeSense’s cloud.
2661. vellum : Prompt Engineering: Super powers for prompt engineers - Compare prompts, models, and even LLM providers side-by-side - Curate a library of test cases to evaluate prompts against - Quantitatively evaluate the output of your prompts using industry-standard ML metrics (Bleu, Meteor, Levenshtein distance, Semantic similarity) Deployments: Confidently iterate on models in production - Simple API interface that proxies requests to any model provider - Back-testing & version control - Observability of all your inputs and outputs; UI & API to submit explicit or implicit user feedback Documents: Use your proprietary data in LLM applications - Robust API endpoint to submit documents (“corpus of text”) for querying against - Configurable chunking and semantic search strategies - Ability to query against corpus of text at run time Continuous Improvement: Continuously fine-tune to improve quality and lower cost - Passively accumulate training data to fine-tune your own proprietary models - Swap model providers or parameters under the hood – no code changes required We’re a team of MIT engineers and McKinsey consultants who’ve been building apps on GPT-3 for 3 years since it first came out. We’ve built similar tools in MLOps for 4 years and have closely experienced the pain we’re solving for our customers today. We believe that AI is the greatest technological leap since the internet. Our mission is to help companies adopt AI by taking their prototypes to production. If you have an AI use-case in mind, please reach out!
2662. kernal-biologics : Kernal Bio creates mRNA 2.0 therapies that instruct specific cells on how to make their own medicine. Kernal Bio encrypts mRNA’s “message” in a language that only cancer cells understand. These tumor-specific mRNA therapeutics allow precise targeting of cancer cells, without harming normal cells or tissues. They have recently been validated in preclinical tumor models, showing high efficacy and safety as well as durable adaptive immunity. With roots at MIT, Harvard and Biopharma, Kernal’s management team has deep expertise in mRNA therapeutics space. CEO Yusuf Erkul, M.D., M.B.A. is a successful drug hunter whose research at Merck enabled an FDA-approved drug for ovarian cancer. President, Burak Yilmaz, M.S., previously founded Sentegen, a thriving synthetic biology company which commercializes synthetic DNA, RNA, and diagnostic kits for genetic and infectious diseases. VP of BD, Matt Strout, M.D. Ph.D., M.B.A, is a business development executive who led more than $4.5B worth of BD deals at Alexion and AstraZeneca. VP of R&D Manfred is a leader in immuno-oncology, who was most recently Scientific Senior Director at Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMS).
2663. everyme : Everyme is the private social network. With Everyme, you can share like you do in real life, in intimate Circles. A Circle is a private news feed between you and a group of people. It’s private and secure, so you no longer need to worry about who sees what. And because a Circle is created from your address book, you don’t need to convince everyone to sign up for yet another service in order to receive your stories, it just works.
2664. dexter : Dexter is the AI workflow automation tool for field operations. With Dexter, customers reduce traffic fines, automate van management, and run asset recovery. We're the only tool that can hand-off tasks between the back office, in-field workers, and AI agents.
2665. dover : Dover gives you actionable data, supercharges your team’s workflows, and enables you to engage talent at scale so you can deliver an amazing candidate experience. We combine best-in-class candidate evaluation technology with bespoke process automation to help companies find and hire top talent for their open roles. Recruiting is a $50B/year industry in the US, but recruiting departments and agencies still have incredibly manual processes. We've built a better way. Our advanced matching software identifies the perfect candidates across all recruiting channels and drives the hiring process to create a seamless, white-glove experience for both companies and candidates. Dover went through Y Combinator in 2019, and today 200+ companies use our product to run a better hiring process. We've raised $23M from top VCs. We're a remote team of 50+ with hubs in San Francisco and NYC and a presence in Denver, LA, and Seattle.
2666. reticular : Reticular helps pharma companies discover drugs with AI models like AlphaFold by making them steerable, just like you can prompt LLMs. Today, limited validation data means companies spend millions on failed experiments trying to steer these models through trial and error. We’re piloting our AI interpretability technology with early-stage biotechs and scaling rapidly. Just a week after our pivot, we identified the first interpretable features ever found in protein models, allowing precise control over biological functions. Nithin and John met competing in Biology Olympiads before spending 4 years as roommates at MIT publishing ML/bio research in NeurIPS and Nature. We believe biological models encode far more information than anyone is currently using - our goal is to unlock this potential.
2667. studdy : At Studdy, our mission is to unlock the full potential of the next generation by providing a personalized AI tutor for every student. Studdy Buddy is a multilingual tutor that uses AI, as well as advanced speech, text, and image recognition technology to supercharge students' ability to learn new subjects. We believe that making self-learning as easy as possible for as many students as possible (no matter their cultural, social, or educational background) is the key to unlocking the full potential of students around the world. We're a passionate team of AI experts, educators, and builders - if you also have a passion for transforming education we'd love to hear from you. Shoot us a message at team@studdy.ai!
2668. blockscope : Blockscope is a Web3 data platform that enables anyone interested in on-chain data to quickly spin up live or historical data pipelines (for blocks, event, transaction, wallets, token, NFTs, etc). Similar to AWS, users have access to variety of managed software services to analyze, interact with or inject captured data into their apps. Our platform is built around the core idea of off-loading the on-chain data that our customers need for their Web3 apps, and reliably storing them for quick access/use. We offer products on top of the core data we index for our customers. Some of these services are contract analytics, wallet profiling, events & transactions database as a service, push notifications, webhooks, and developer tools. Our mission is to enable everyone to easily access and consume on-chain data!
2669. distro : Distro is the all-in-one AI-powered sales platform for counter staff and inside sales at industrial wholesale distributors (HVAC/R, plumbing, electrical, and more).
2670. explo : Explo allows you to build customer-facing dashboards and reporting, lightning-fast. With Explo, you can create custom white-labeled dashboards for your application, share custom reports, or embed an AI report builder. - Dashboards: build fully white-labled dashboards for your application or enable your users to create their own dashboards from a library of charts you create - Report Builder: embed a full self-service analytics experience into your application, allowing your users to create their own tables and charts from scratch - Email: cadenced and one off emails to share analytics and data with your users - Explo AI: embed an AI experience into your product to enable your users to gain insights into their data Explo is built for product teams and developers. We power analytics of all sizes from YC companies to Fortune 500 companies.
2671. automat : Traditional automation software is slow and expensive, Automat is 10X faster and 1/10th the price. It lets operations teams automate using video and natural language. 🧐 The problem: Traditional Robotic Process Automation is slow and expensive. 💡 Our Solution: Automat makes it 10X cheaper and faster to build any robotic process automation using natural language on any operating system We’re solving this by creating a platform that enables robotics process automation for Chrome using large language models and computer vision. Currently our customers send us descriptions or videos of the processes they’d like us to automate and we use our internal tooling to quickly build out those automations.
2672. truss : Truss is an all-in-one banking and payment automation platform for construction businesses. With Truss, construction companies can manage bill payments, receivables, and corporate cards in one place. They can save time on manual data entry by integrating Truss with their existing tools and automating the full billing cycle, from invoicing and reconciliation.
2673. newton : Newton is an AI-powered phone system (VoIP) system for dentists and dental groups.
2674. storyboarder : Storyboarder is a tool and a platform for anyone to create, share, and sell webcomics. In East Asia, the webcomic (or digital manga) industry is an $12B market and rapidly growing to the rest of the world. Webtoon, the largest company in the space, generates $100M / month in revenue. However, their addressable market is limited by their content creators, who need know how to draw. Readers are desperate for a greater variety of stories in webcomics. Through years of working with filmmakers, we’ve built extremely easy to use storyboarding software that has 700K users. We’re democratizing visual storytelling to everyone. We’re working on the next generation that, through advances in video game interfaces, ubiquitous 3D compute, and AI, will allow anyone to easily create scenes, pose characters, to create webcomics. Storyboarder is backed by Y Combinator (W23), David Karp (Tumblr Founder), Andrew Kortina (Venmo Founder), and other product focused investors.
2675. stardex : Wharf is a recruiting copilot that automates repetitive research tasks in recruiting using AI.
2676. curvenote : At Curvenote we are building the communication and publishing tools for scientists and engineers. In the future, every scientific report will feature interactive graphs with live data that will make it significantly easier to share and reproduce the work.
2677. alphawatch-ai : AlphaWatch AI is a research and analysis platform designed for hedge funds and private equity firms. By using custom LLMs, specialized embedding models, and integrating with both trusted external data sources and secure private data, AlphaWatch AI offers a reliable chat interface that cites its sources, saving financial professionals time on research. We aim to solve a very real pain point: data is currently disjointed, and hedge funds spend anywhere from 250k to 1M on data costs. While LLMs should solve a research problem, their results are prone to hallucinations and don't include internal information. With efficient data integration and valuable insights, AlphaWatch AI is enhancing the way financial institutions access essential information and make informed decisions while maintaining data privacy
2678. persana-ai : Persana AI is an intelligent sales copilot powered by our own custom fine tuned models. We ingest all of a company’s internal CRM data, combine it with public web sources on each of their prospects, and give them insights on who to prioritize based on crucial intent signals so that they capture ripe opportunities . For instance, when a lead visits the company website or gets funding, Persana AI can notify the sales team and generate an email to send out right away.
2679. clearest-health : We are rebuilding the core infrastructure behind corporate health insurance, everything from care navigation, analytics, claims, and more. Fully cloud-native and AI-first. We are eager to directly impact the health and savings of 60% of the American population.
2680. health-harbor : We use generative AI to call insurance on behalf of healthcare clinics. We save clinics up to 40 hours of calls every week over existing outsourced human solutions. Compared to the existing solutions for benefits verifications: - We're faster -- by default, we have a turnaround of 24 hours compared to typically a 3 day turnaround for competitors - We can reach more payors -- as long as they have a phone line, we can support calling them for benefits. There's quite a few payors in both medical and dental (e.g. Seledent) that have yet to offer a digital retrieval of benefits - We're reliable and consistent -- there is no person-to-person variation or question skipping when it comes to working with software
2681. trainloop : TrainLoop makes it effortless for developers to improve reasoning models like deepseek-r1 for their task.
2682. cedalio : At Cedalio, we automate sustainability data collection using AI. Gather, extract, and consolidate data from diverse sources like PDFs, ERPs, and bills. Cedalio delivers precise, real-time, validated data for accurate carbon accounting and ESG reporting, ensuring compliance and driving sustainable business practices.
2683. mentum : Mentum helps procurement and supply chain teams streamline strategic sourcing with AI, transforming unstructured data into actionable insights for faster decisions and cost savings. Backed by Google’s Gradient Ventures and Y Combinator, we serve industries like CPG, energy, automotive, and aerospace.
2684. sophys : 
2685. sid : We make it easy for developers to connect data to their LLM apps. Instead of spending months on integrations and retrieval pipelines, Reworkd's AgentGPT added our button in an afternoon and let thousands of people connect their Notion, email and Drive instantly. Every single AI company is building data retrieval. Currently, they're doing this from scratch – we don't think they should have to. Just like OpenAI made working with LLMs as simple as an API call, SID makes it easy for every AI company to access data the same way.
2686. stripe : Launched out of Y Combinator’s 2009 Summer batch, Stripe is a global technology company that builds economic infrastructure for the internet. Businesses of every size—from new startups to public companies—use our software to accept payments and manage their businesses online Stripe is a proud partner of YC companies—from Airbnb (S09) to Defog (W23)—to help them grow their businesses and increase the GDP of the internet.
2687. paasa : Paasa is the global investing platform for aspiring HNIs in emerging markets. HNIs in countries like India want to diversify their wealth internationally. Saving their wealth in a depreciating currency puts them at risk in a global context. However, most customers still hesitate due to lack of guidance on capital controls, tax laws that change every year, and slow outflows from local banks. Paasa streamlines this - thus empowering HNIs to save for their child's education, spend overseas confidently, and build generational wealth in a stable currency.
2688. tractian : Tractian is a machine intelligence company that offers industrial monitoring systems.
2689. socksoho : SockSoho is India's largest DTC sock brand. We are on a mission to build the next Uniqlo and socks is just our starting point.
2690. slingshot : Slingshot is AI that analyzes medical records to determine if the diagnosis is supported by the clinical evidence. The company is founded by Pranov Duggasani, a former Google and Microsoft AI engineer, and Zoe Holderness, a former Lyft and Tesla engineer. They started working on Slingshot after facing their own frustrations with inflated and erroneous medical bills with the goal to save patients more money with less work.
2691. wereno : WeReno is transforming construction with its Owner’s Rep platform, streamlining project oversight, coordination, and communication. With features such as AI assistance, the platform ensures efficient management and protects clients' interests. Within 8 months of launching, we’ve partnered with the owners of Hilton, Holiday Inn, and over a dozen other hotels, along with Fortune 500 brands like Starbucks, Staples, CVS, and TJ Maxx. We manage $500M in property value, overseeing everything from maintenance to new builds, renovations, and property improvement plans. Our platform guarantees seamless project execution, handling every aspect from start to finish with precision and care.
2692. serna-bio : Serna Bio is developing small molecules to modulate RNA function, unlocking the potential to treat diseases driven by biology intractable by other modalities.
2693. paymongo : PayMongo builds products and tools that enable thousands of individuals and businesses in the Philippines to make and receive payments over the Internet. We support payments through credit or debit cards, electronic wallets, over-the-counter payments and many more. We build robust APIs, plugins and other products that abstract out the complexities of payments from our users so they can get up and running quickly and focus on their business. Our investors include Founders Fund, Peter Thiel, Bedrock Capital and Stripe.
2694. remi : We find roofers more roofs, and homeowners the right roofer. There are over 80 million homes in the US, and eventually, every one of them will need a new roof. Our technology allows contractors to focus on what they do best—getting a repaired roof over homeowners' heads quickly.
2695. datrics : Datrics.ai transforms enterprise sales and finance operations with an AI-powered digital coworker, streamlining complex analyses into simple conversations. Imagine a bank CFO querying, 'How did our loan performance this quarter compare to the last?' and instantly receiving detailed, visual analyses directly via MS Teams chat. This revolutionizes tasks that were once time-consuming and complex. Our vision is to cultivate a vast ecosystem of digital coworkers, enabling businesses to harness the power of data-driven decisions effortlessly. At the core of Datrics lies our unique low-code data workflow automation platform, designed to simplify data handling for digital analysts. This platform empowers analytics teams to dive into data exploration and blending, uncover insights, and create automated workflows and dashboards for sharing insights — all without the need for coding.
2696. flock-safety : Flock Safety provides the first public safety operating system that empowers private communities and law enforcement to work together to eliminate crime. We are committed to protecting human privacy and mitigating bias in policing with the development of best-in-class technology rooted in ethical design, which unites civilians and public servants in pursuit of a safer, more equitable society. Our Safety-as-a-Service approach includes affordable devices powered by LTE and solar that can be installed anywhere. Our technology detects and captures objective details, decodes evidence in real-time and delivers investigative leads into the hands of those who matter. While safety is a serious business, we are a supportive team that is optimizing the remote experience to create strong and fun relationships even when we are physically apart. Our flock of hard-working employees thrive in a positive and inclusive environment, where a bias towards action is rewarded. Flock Safety is headquartered in Atlanta and operates nationwide. We have raised $150M in our Series E led by Tiger Global at a $3.5B valuation.
2697. greenboard : Greenboard is building a singular, AI-powered platform to handle management of the entirety of financial firms’ compliance programs, and eventually all back office processes. Today, financial institutions use Greenboard to detect risk using AI and to rip out and replace the bad legacy back office tooling they have wanted to get rid of for years. Greenboard's mission is to enable financial institutions to operate their back office teams at a higher standard, with half of the headcount. We’re starting with compliance
2698. cytera-cellworks : Mytos builds machines that automate the growing of human cells for biotech and pharma companies. Our machines sit on-prem at customer sites, growing cells which they use for testing during early-stage drug development. Even though testing on cells is so critical for developing new drugs, today they're all grown totally manually, the same as 100 years ago! With our machines, for the first time our customers can hands-off manipulate and monitor batches of cells from the cloud. We've already working with some of the biggest pharma companies. Mytos has the opportunity to change the way the entire industry works - join us and help us get there!
2699. metreecs : Metreecs helps retailers plan, buy, and allocate products using AI-demand forecasting. We prevent overstock and out-of-stock situations, allowing clients to eliminate waste, free up capital, and drive higher sales.
2700. ashby : At Ashby, we're improving the productivity of working professionals with intelligent and powerful software. We put a lot of effort into designing products that are approachable to beginners but mastered & extended by power users. In many ways, spreadsheets set the bar here. Our first products provide talent teams with clever automation, powerful analytics tools, and customizable workflows packaged in great UX. We have many paying customers who love us and use us every day like Opendoor, Airtable, Duolingo, and Notion. Notion's Head of Talent said Ashby is "probably the tool we are in the most and rely on the most, as a recruiting team." Our culture is motivated by Abhik's (my co-founder and Head of Engineering) and my belief that a small talented team, given the right environment, can build a great product and service fast (and work regular hours!). We hire exceptional, kind, thoughtful people and provide an environment where we can be happy, feel challenged, and do our best work. We are well funded and backed by great investors, including Y Combinator, Elad Gil, and Lachy Groom. We'll share more once we meet!
2701. melder : Melder is a spreadsheet tool that has AI functions and data representations at its core. Upload files directly to cells, use functions like =GEN, and build automations directly from the workbook. We make it easy for business users to uncover insights in their documents, automate away their emails, and even deploy simple AI chatbots. 'Excel' is the backbone that codifies structured data business logic today, we're taking that UX to the unstructured data world.
2702. cair-health : Still in stealth. Reach out to learn more! Backed by Y Combinator, Foundation Capital, Soma Capital, & Capital X.
2703. aviron-interactive : Aviron, a Y Combinator-backed company, reimagines fitness with connected exercise machines powered by an immersive gaming platform. We're on a mission to build the leading fitness entertainment experience, motivating our community through game psychology, engaging content, and innovative technology.
2704. carbonfact : The first apparel & footwear Carbon Management Platform.
2705. players-lounge : Players’ Lounge enables gamers of all skill levels to bet on the outcome of their video game matches and win money. Our mission at Players’ Lounge is to give gamers a monetary return on their gaming time, while adding a new layer of fun and entertainment. We have raised $15m in funding. Investors include: ycombinator, Samsung, Griffin Gaming Partners, Strauss Zelnick, Drake and Myles Garrett.
2706. zenysis : Zenysis builds data integration software that helps governments view and analyze all their data in one place. When governments face pandemic emergencies, humanitarian crises, or natural disasters, they turn to their data for actionable insights. Zenysis puts this information at their fingertips.
2707. cotera : Cotera is an AI platform that helps companies understand what their customers are telling them. We integrate directly with the data warehouse, which allows us to derive actionable insights with the full context of all a company's data.
2708. adyn : 
2709. demospace : 
2710. betterhalf : Betterhalf is India's first and only matrimony app without parents. We are the first and only marriage super app in India offering end-to-end matrimony and wedding products to urban Indians, who are the primary decision makers for their marriage and wedding decisions, unlike their parents who were in the driver's seat a decade ago. Our ecosystem of products on marriage - matchmaking, courtship and wedding in one super app - and focused on the correct audience - high income, higher age urban working professionals of India who are located in 30 tier-1 cities of India makes Betterhalf product a winning combination. Our flagship product - matrimonial matchmaking - offers these users the world's fastest matching in a single click (US Patent No. 16/777,773). This matching technology is faster than Tinder and more accurate than eHarmony / Shaadi.com.
2711. justo : At Justo, which means “fair” in Spanish, we aim to give restaurant owners access to technology that will help them increase their sales, at a more fair price. We provide restaurants their own online store, we teach them about advertising and marketing, and we automate the process for them. We also offer last-mile delivery service. We are in Chile, Peru. Colombia, Mexico, Ecuador and Costa Rica Our goal is to create a service that is profitable for restaurants, for Gigsters and for us.
2712. helicone : Helicone.ai is creating an advanced observability platform tailored for developers working with Large Language Models (LLMs). Our goal is to simplify and enhance the operational side of deploying these models, making it easier for developers to monitor, manage, and optimize their AI applications at scale. Helicone provides a unified view of performance, cost, and user interaction metrics for various LLM providers, like OpenAI, Anthropic, and LangChain, empowering developers to make their LLM deployments more efficient, reliable, and cost-effective. ### Key Features 1. **Centralized Observability**: Our platform captures and visualizes detailed logs and metrics across all LLM deployments. With tools for prompt management, performance tracing, and debugging, Helicone provides real-time insights into the inner workings of your LLMs. 2. **LLM Performance Optimization**: Helicone supports prompt experimentation, success rate tracking, and fine-tuning, allowing you to continuously improve response quality and efficiency. This level of insight makes it easier to deliver high-performing, cost-effective AI applications. 3. **Flexible Data Management**: We understand that data privacy is critical. Helicone supports deployment options for dedicated instances, hybrid cloud integrations, or self-hosted environments, allowing clients to maintain control over their data and ensuring compliance with privacy standards. ### Built for Developers and Data Scientists Helicone is designed to meet the needs of engineers and data scientists who require transparency and control over their LLMs. From chatbots to document processing systems, Helicone equips you with the insights needed to track costs, understand user interactions, and optimize outputs—all from one intuitive platform. By combining observability with LLM-specific insights, Helicone is redefining AI monitoring, empowering developers to deploy and scale their AI models with confidence.
2713. openmart : Openmart is the GTM platform for reaching local business owners. Think of us like Apollo/ZoomInfo but for local business/POI data. We help sales professionals query millions of unstructured local business data like local government filings, websites, reviews and socials
2714. prenda : Prenda makes it easy to open a K-8 microschool in your home, studio or office. We start with an adult guide who cares about kids and believes in the power of learning. Often this is the mom of one of the students. She recruits a class of up to 10 students, and we provide everything she needs to run a microschool - training, support, software, curriculum, and funding so she gets paid. In
2715. beacons : Helping creators build smarter and more successful businesses with websites, email marketing, ecommerce, and more.
2716. piinpoint : PiinPoint is changing the way businesses identify the best location for expansion. Our modern day SAAS solution enables businesses to use powerful tools to search and validate locations throughout North America. We centralize a variety of datasets such as traffic, demographics, and available commercial real estate to ensure businesses can make a fast and reliable decision about where to expand.
2717. inbuild : inBuild boosts revenue for home builders by automating the thousands of invoices they receive for every project. For example, when a subcontractor sends an invoice for work they completed, inBuild checks the cost against the project budget, handles any approvals, pays the bill, and updates Quickbooks.
2718. kredi : Kredi is rocket mortgage for LatAm.
2719. pure : Pure is the first transparent marketplace for the $11B Rare Coins Sector & $55B Precious Metals sector. We make it easy to buy & sell authenticated rare coins and precious metals such as Gold, Silver, Platinum, Palladium & Rhodium.
2720. zbiotics : ZBiotics is a synthetic biology company founded in 2016 and headquartered in San Francisco, California. The company bioengineers probiotic bacteria for nutraceutical and other applications. They launched the world's first genetically engineered probiotic in 2019 – a probiotic that breaks down a toxic byproduct of alcohol. They are currently developing a pipeline of additional engineered probiotics for other consumer health applications.
2721. apollo-3 : 
2722. hirebolt : We are disrupting hospitality hiring by reducing the time it takes to hire staff from months to < 3 days. Hiring staff is the biggest challenge for many of the 2M+ hospitality businesses in Europe. Covid and Brexit ceased the usual oversupply of candidates, making traditional job boards unable to meet employers' needs, and agencies more expensive than ever. As a consequence, employers spend huge amounts of time sourcing candidates manually and filtering through irrelevant CVs. Up to 80% of candidates who get invited to an interview, don't even show up. At Hirebolt we eliminate all this work for employers, by finding actively-looking candidates, vetting them and automatically matching them to the best employers using AI. We schedule interviews and extend offers to candidates faster than humans can, giving employers time back to run their businesses. To date, we’ve raised ~$1.5M from investors including Y Combinator, Entrepreneur First, world-class Venture Capital funds and industry leaders.
2723. skypher : Skypher makes security reviews easy for software companies.
2724. tovala : Tovala is a Chicago-based food-tech company with a smart oven that is paired with a weekly meal delivery service.
2725. stamp : Stamp is the first AI Native inbox. It's more than an email client, though -- it's like your second brain. Stamp can respond to emails in your voice, organize your inbox to filter out the noise, keep track of action items, and automate essentially every task you're doing manually in your inbox today.
2726. bifrost-orbital : At Bifrost Orbital, we're building the future of satellite connectivity. Our mission is to eliminate communication blackouts and dead spots in orbit by providing an always-on, continuous connectivity service for satellites and other spacecraft in low Earth orbit. We're building an optical relay network of satellites to provide 24/7 uplink and downlink support to other satellites in orbit, with increased uptime and higher data rates for TT&C and more.
2727. tiptap : Tiptap is a suite of open source content editing and real-time collaboration tools for developers building apps like Notion or Google Docs. It’s used by thousands of businesses worldwide, including LinkedIn, GitLab, Axios, and Anthropic.
2728. prendea : Prendea offers live afterschool classes to Spanish-speaking kids ages 4 to 15. For a fixed monthly price, kids can choose as many classes as they like from our large selection that ranges from TikTok choreography to astronomy.
2729. kaagaz : Kaagaz is an 'Office' Suite for Mobile-first Businesses in India. With Kaagaz, these users can manage all the document requirements for their business using their smartphone itself, without needing a Desktop. We have an active user base of 3Mn+ users and paid users north of 60,000+ - growing every month. With over 200M such businesses in India, at $15/year subscription price, this a $3B opportunity in India & much larger globally. We are a team of 2nd time entrepreneurs having scaled the pervious startup to $1M in GMV. We are backed by YCombinator, Goodwater Capital, Pravega Venture, Better Capital & other investors including Alan Rutledge (TrendMD) and Farid Ahsan (Sharechat)
2730. miso : Miso makes booking services as easy as buying products online. We offer over 70 different services ranging from cleaning to moving to interior remodeling, repair and installation. We have fulfilled more than 4 million bookings and operate at over a $140 million GMV run rate.
2731. arini : Arini is the AI receptionist for dentists that answers phone calls, and schedules appointments. Most dental appointments are scheduled over the phone by overworked receptionists who put patients on hold and miss a third of incoming calls. This costs clinics a 15% loss in revenue. Private equity investment fueled large dental groups to acquire thousands of clinics in the past few years. We are selling to these groups, since their clinics have a standardized tech stack. They’re also growing really fast - in just two years they will make up 40% of the US dental market. Dental is just the beginning.
2732. talkbin : Acquired by Google, integrated natively into Google Maps.
2733. numi : A guild of vetted designers that work directly with your startup to ship all your design needs.
2734. alaan : Alaan is an AI-powered expense management platform for businesses in the Middle East. We help businesses instantly issue corporate cards for employees, control their spending, and automate receipts. Our mission is to simplify finance for businesses in the Middle East and help them prosper. We have grown rapidly and now work with over 500 startups, mid-market, and enterprise customers across various industries, doing tens of millions of dollars in payment volume. We've been default alive since our launch in August 2022 (9x net revenue growth in 2023, 6x in 2024). Check out alaan.com/careers if you want to join us!
2735. lineleap : LineLeap gets customers to the fun, faster. On LineLeap’s mobile app customers purchase LineSkip passes, drinks, cover, and event tickets, at over 400 of the top nightlife venues in the country. Venues use LineLeap’s technology to create new revenue streams and market to their customers through push notifications, in-app messages, and email campaigns. LineLeap participated in Y combinator in the summer of 2019 and has acquired over 1 Million customers to date. LineLeap's long term vision is to be the must-have platform for all purchases, discovery, & fun at the world’s top venues & events while being the first choice for brands to connect with consumers.
2736. easypost : EasyPost is the missing API that makes it quick and painless to integrate shipping into your application. Some of the biggest names in retail rely on EasyPost to ship faster, smarter and cheaper. We manage the headaches involved with dated carrier technology so our customers can focus on what makes their business great. Integrate once with EasyPost and seamlessly add carriers, generate shipping labels, track packages in near real-time and insure your shipments. EasyPost is growing fast! Check out our jobs page and join the excitement: https://www.easypost.com/jobs
2737. assistant-ui : assistant-ui helps frontend developers add AI chat to their apps. Our product is used by several dozen companies, like LangChain, Stack AI, Browser Use, and Athena Intelligence. We're building an open source Typescript/React library and a backend as a service, with first class integrations into popular agent frameworks like LangGraph and Vercel AI SDK.
2738. datlo : Datlo is a geointelligence platform made for sales and marketing folks. In seconds you can conduct market research, find new customers, and distribution channels for your company. All of that without needing a data scientist or a programmer.
2739. bemlo : Bemlo provides a comprehensive AI-driven staffing solution tailored specifically for the healthcare and social care sectors, with automated scheduling as its cornerstone. The system generates optimal schedules that balance care demands with employee preferences, freeing up valuable time for patient care, enhancing workplace satisfaction, and promoting more efficient collaboration within organizations.
2740. medplum : Medplum makes it easy to build healthcare webapps that are compliant and interoperability ready. Our open source toolkit allows healthcare providers write apps that are HIPAA compliant, SOC2 certified and FHIR native - streamlining payor connections, health system integrations and more.
2741. mythia : 
2742. karsa : Karsa is a global peer-to-peer marketplace for stablecoins. It enables over a billion people in emerging markets to save their local currency in dollars and protect against inflation.
2743. greywing : Greywing is a platform for ship operators to automate their business, through actionable intelligence, better data and communication. Greywing today serves three product lines to customers: *Flotilla* is a monitoring tool for vessels, enabling vessel managers to identify fleet-level patterns and optimizations and to identify risk and liability vectors in advance. *CRY4* is an operational tool for individual vessels that allows crew managers, security officers and masters to gather intelligence about a vessels current or proposed route, making decisions about the safest and the cheapest ports of call that a vessel can be directed to. *Landfall* is a crew management and analysis system to provide risk reporting and detailed editing capabilities about the crew on-board a vessel. *Semaphore* is a port-agent communications tool meant to simplify the process of interfacing with large numbers of port agents while planning a port call.
2744. juicebox : In the past decade, the recruiting industry has not had any innovation. AI has created an opportunity to disrupt it through software that can reason and take actions. Juicebox is an AI-powered recruiting platform. We build agentic workflows to identify, assess, and engage the best talent. We’ve grown to 7 figures in revenue with 20% monthly growth. We have 500+ customers including Patreon, Replit, and leading AI labs.
2745. just-appraised : Our goal is to empower local government employees with the tools, technology, and support they need so they can deliver exceptional service to their taxpayers and feel proud of the work they do for their communities. We contribute by building software to streamline local government tax assessors’ workflows using AI. Specifically, we streamline the change of ownership process for real estate and create more seamless ways for tax offices to communicate digitally with their taxpayers. For instance, when properties get bought and sold, local governments have to process reams of paper in order to update their systems and perform the analyses necessary to update the tax roll. Our software makes this process 10x faster and much more enjoyable for employees in the tax office to complete, and creates trust and goodwill in the minds of taxpayers.
2746. pursuit-2 : Pursuit (also dba Hearth) offers you the opportunity to own and enjoy properties via turnkey co-ownership and ongoing property management. - We specialize in top-tier recreational properties throughout the world that possess scarce natural resources. - We coordinate small ownership groups (ten or fewer) that cooperatively steward the land, enjoy it together, and benefit from investment growth. - We manage the property on your behalf with your enjoyment and investment goals in mind. Don’t play for a day. Own the whole playground. hearthcoownership.com AND pursuit-properties.com
2747. cedana : Cedana (YC S23) enables real-time save, move and restore for compute workloads. We expand GPU capacity, increase reliability, reduce latency up to 10x and increase CPU/GPU utilization up to 5x resulting in significant cost savings. OpenAI, Meta and Microsoft have flavors of these capabilities internally and we’re bringing them to everyone. Our solution applies to AI training and inference, HPC, data analysis, dev tools and infra. Our vision is to transform cloud compute into a real-time, arbitraged commodity. We are a fully distributed remote company. https://www.cedana.ai
2748. spenmo : Founded in June 2019 and based in Singapore, Spenmo is building the only software you need as a business to manage payables. From bill payment, corporate card, local and international transfer, to employee’s expense claim, Spenmo helps companies streamline their AP processes with our technology. Before Spenmo, AP staff were drowned in manual work and struggled to reconcile all their spending on time. Not anymore. Thousands of businesses are now using Spenmo to payout their AP, track and categorize spend, and close their books on auto-pilot in 90% less time. On average, finance teams who use Spenmo save over 50 hours and $10,000 every month.
2749. emigre : Emigre is the fastest and the only end-to-end digital Indian banking solution for Indian expats (Non-Resident Indians) so they can support their families back home, shop on Indian websites, and invest in Indian stocks and real estate.
2750. snapmagic : Built by electrical engineers for electrical engineers, SnapMagic removes monotony so that engineers can do their best work. SnapMagic’s electronic component data is used by over 1.5 million engineers across the world’s largest organizations. Its new AI Copilot will change the way that every engineer designs electronics. Join at www.snapmagic.com.
2751. patterns : Patterns revolutionizes financial analysis by making it easy and accessible through natural language. We are seeking passionate individuals excited about simplifying financial analytics and transforming business intelligence. If you're interested in joining an innovative team in the finance space, explore our job openings and become part of our mission. Our advanced AI transforms financial data workflows and reporting, surpassing traditional spreadsheets and inflexible SaaS solutions. By integrating state-of-the-art LLMs with autonomous querying and financial reasoning, Patterns empowers practitioners to perform complex analyses effortlessly via a natural language interface.
2752. solum-health : Turning therapy admin chaos into automated calm—VoiceAI for intakes, seamless prior auths, referral and scheduling management. Built by practice owners, for practice owners (www.getsolum.com).
2753. tab : At Tab, we’re revolutionising the way travellers discover, plan and book a trip. The Guide lets travellers find and book anywhere — with helpful recommendations from friends & local experts, rather than bland listings with endless reviews. Planning your trip should be a joy, not a chore! We help people to travel responsibly, by booking direct instead of using traditional booking sites. Travellers get the best price and they help local businesses avoid unnecessary fees. Travel experts, content creators and the friends you always ask for recommendations can use The Guide to showcase their favourite places to stay and things to do. When you book one of their recommendations, you’ll get a discount from the business and they receive bonus credit to say thanks. The Tab platform gives independent tourism businesses the tools to improve their online presence, be discovered, take direct bookings — and also to take payments. Our payment platform is uniquely designed for tourism businesses, handling over 100 currencies natively, and every payment type securely and easily. As travel returns after a difficult period, it’s time for a fresh approach. That’s why we’re building a social commerce platform for tourism — helping to spread the benefits of tourism far and wide, and helping travellers make the most of their precious time abroad. We're headquartered in London, and backed by Y Combinator (the investors behind Airbnb, Dropbox and Stripe).
2754. huddlefire : Leverage partnerships with other SaaS companies, through Huddlefire, to accelerate your customer acquisition.
2755. browser-buddy : Librarian for the Internet.
2756. fieldproxy : Fieldproxy is Retool for Field Teams. Our no-code SaaS application allows organizations to build internal mobile applications to manage field teams of any size. Fieldproxy's vision is to be the Operating System for Field teams.
2757. venta : Venta finds leads with buying intent in Europe by tracking website visitors, online searches, news and other signals. You can qualify leads by asking our AI assistant questions and create hyper-personalized outreach in five languages based on their intent signals.
2758. tickle : Tickle Inc. was one of the first user-generated content companies and one of the first viral media companies, pioneering A/B testing and other growth techniques now followed by much of the industry. It provided quizzes, psychological tests developed by PhD's, social networking, matchmaking, photo sharing, and an ad network called Grapevine. Tickle registered over 150 million people before 2005. Tickle survived the dot-com bubble burst of 2000, raised just one round of $9M, became profitable in early 2002, was acquired by Monster Worldwide in May 2004 for $110M including earnout, and became part of the overall Monster network for 4 years before being shut down by Monster on December 31, 2008.
2759. jutsoo : Jutsoo is a modern treasury management platform that helps finance teams work smarter by having efficient, reliable, real-time visibility and control over their financial data across their different banks and bank accounts. We do this by unifying data from internal systems, integrating directly with banks for your money movements, and reconcile them automatically. Money movements, reconciliations, cash forecasting, and identifying liquidity trends will be a breeze using us.
2760. spott : Spott is building the next generation ATS & CRM for executive search firms. Today, headhunters use our software to produce detailed candidate presentation reports in minutes instead of hours.
2761. ciro : LinkedIn has the best data for B2B sales but **zero automation**. Founders and sales reps waste 20-30% of their time manually searching, qualifying, and engaging leads on the platform. Ciro makes prospecting on LinkedIn 10x easier: - Ciro Autopilot scans profiles, qualifies them against your ideal customer profile, and builds a ready-to-contact list in minutes - Ciro Enrich instantly reveals phone numbers and emails on profiles — whether you’re on a free or paid LinkedIn account (also works in Hubspot, Salesforce, and Apollo) Ciro is built by a tight-knit team of engineers, sales execs, and product managers with experience from Stanford, Google, Meta, Flexport, and Bain & Co. We are backed by some of the best investors in the world, including Y Combinator, SV Angel, CRV, and the founders of Tegus, BuildZoom, and Flexport.
2762. screenleap-inc : Screenleap allows you to share your screen and view it from any web-enabled device without installing any software. Our mission is to do for screen sharing what Dropbox did for file sharing: make screen sharing a hassle-free experience that just works across all devices. We also allow developers to add screen sharing to their applications using our API (http://www.screenleap.com/api). Our screen sharing service has been integrated into a variety of products and services ranging from audio-conferences services to e-learning platforms, sales tools, and support applications.
2763. byterat : Byterat is a modern data platform for battery science, purpose-built to help battery teams innovate, securely and at scale.
2764. reliance-health : Reliance Health uses technology to make quality healthcare delightful, affordable and accessible in emerging markets. Through an integrated approach that includes affordable health insurance, telemedicine and a combination of partner and proprietary healthcare facilities, Reliance Health offers innovative healthcare solutions that meet the needs of emerging markets including Nigeria, Egypt and growing
2765. popcuts : Popcuts is a unique online music store. DRM-free songs are sold for 99cents, but every time a song you bought sells, you get a cut of the proceeds (earlier buyers get a bigger cut).
2766. anima : Hey, thanks for reading! We founded Anima out of a very personal problem. Again and again, we saw people dying because they got bad care plans, weeks or months late. We build Care Enablement for care teams - combining online consultation with productivity tools in a realtime multiplayer dashboard. By doing this, we get people optimal care within 24 hours.
2767. finku : We allow our users to create a single view of their finances from 22 banks, investment platforms and e-wallets to help them get control of their finances. We offer the most comprehensive account integrations and personal finance tools in Indonesia.
2768. kobalt-labs : Kobalt has built an AI copilot to automate manual risk and compliance operations for fintechs and banks. Given a third party contracts and documentation, Kobalt’s reasoning engine ingests internal policies and procedures, legal commitments, past privacy and compliance assessments, and syncs with external legislation to instantly auto-surface and track risks. We're helping community/regional/sponsor banks increase revenue and scale their partnership and vendor volume, and we're helping fintechs conduct their partner diligence in 1/10 the time, all without needing to increase headcount.
2769. primevault : PrimeVault is a deep-tech crypto infrastructure company that is dedicated to building innovative core tools that make on-chain value ownership, transfer, issuance and access to decentralized financial products convenient, efficient and secure for businesses and institutions of any size and scale. PrimeVault leverages cutting-edge technologies such as sealed TEEs (Trusted Execution Environment), Formal Verification and MPC (Multiparty Computation) to offer powerful, secure, scalable and modular wallet infrastructure, programmable cross-chain asset management, comprehensive portfolio tracker, seamless CeDeFi interoperability with both on- and off-chain markets, and sophisticated risk mitigation solutions.
2770. centralize : Centralize helps revenue teams operationalize multithreading and drive warm pipeline. Reps at companies like Sendoso, mParticle, and Navattic use us to automatically map stakeholders, track evolving account priorities, and fill contact gaps by leveraging their networks for warm intros.
2771. expand-ai : expand.ai instantly turns any website into a type-safe API you can rely on. You can either request data from any website instantly or let expand.ai build up datasets for you. We take care of the hard parts like dealing with bot protection, scaling browser infrastructure and making sure that we only extract verified, correct information.
2772. airware : Airware offers commercial drone solutions, enabling enterprises to take full advantage of aerial data for any business application. Airware’s solutions combine hardware, software, and cloud services to enable companies to efficiently manage and safely and reliably operate commercial drones at scale.
2773. nextbyte : NextByte’s AI recruiter agent helps you identify top candidates faster, so your team can focus on what matters – building your product and hiring the best talent. Our platform understands the requirements for each role and tailors voice-driven technical and non-technical evaluations to surface candidates who are ready for your next onsite interview. NextByte can screen hundreds of candidates simultaneously and provides rubric-based, detailed evaluations in minutes. Our analytics dashboards provide a clear view of technical ability, problem-solving skills, and communication under pressure across your candidate pool, so you can confidently move the right candidates forward. With NextByte, hiring teams save time, reduce bias, and make faster, data-driven hiring decisions without sacrificing quality.
2774. koshex : Koshex is building Wealthfront for India with data-driven insights around day to day finances for an individual to save more and invest well. We are automating wealth creation for 400 million Indian millennials with access to more than US$700bn of individual investable wealth.
2775. clarion : We're on a mission to make healthcare more accessible and human with voice AI technology. Our platform enables healthcare organizations and their staff to automate phone-based workflows typically handled by humans. We partner with health care organizations to reduce their operational expense and eliminate administrative burden. Our founders bring a blend of clinical experience and technical expertise. Ryan is a Stanford/Harvard trained physician formerly on the founding team of Two Chairs and Ophelia (W20). Jeff formerly worked on voice AI at Amazon Alexa and ML projects at Citi/Salesforce. We have incredible traction and a healthy pipeline of health systems to grow into. We are well funded and backed by top investors, including Y Combinator.
2776. abundant : Abundant powers reliable and safe AI deployment with real-time human expertise. Our network of specialized operators works alongside AI agents to: (1) Handle complex edge cases with precision. (2) Maintain rigorous safety standards. (3) Generate high-quality training data that continuously improves AI performance. Companies can meet stringent quality requirements at a fraction of the cost of in-house teams, while accelerating their AI initiatives.
2777. monterey-ai : Monterey AI helps companies understand what actions to take to improve engagement and reduce churn by setting up user feedback channels, auto-collecting, and analyzing qualitative feedback and quantitative data from multiple sources.
2778. flockjay : Flockjay is an AI-powered platform for sales teams looking to get the knowledge they need, when they need it, to close more deals. We combine learning, content, and performance management in one place, so teams can effectively share best practices, coach faster and more effectively, and drive faster onboarding and productivity times.
2779. r2 : R2 enables platforms to seamlessly offer capital to their SMB customers in Latin America
2780. hatchet-2 : Hatchet abstracts away the infrastructure for managing task queues and message brokers, so you can focus on writing your background task and workflow logic. With Hatchet, you can run slow OpenAI requests in the background with async tasks, chain complex tasks together into workflows, and set retries and timeouts to recover from failure.
2781. atomic-alchemy : Atomic Alchemy is building a bank of reactors to produce the nuclear material that goes into nuclear medicine. Radiopharmaceuticals are vitally important in biological tracers, diagnostic imaging, and cancer treatments. Currently, the world's supply of Molybdenum-99, the cornerstone of 80% of all nuclear medicine procedures, is sourced from just six government-run, scientific research reactors abroad. Five of these reactors are 45-65 years old and are quickly coming to the end of their operational life. This has cultivated a fragile and lengthy supply chain, at odds with the nature of radioactive material. This issue and its implications do not just effect molybdenum, but any other reactor-based isotope. Many promising cancer therapies are stuck in clinical trials, unable to secure enough material in a timely manner. Research doesn’t even happen because of the difficulty of sourcing any new isotopes. It doesn't have to be this way. Atomic Alchemy is working to solve this by building the world's first scalable radioisotope production facility. This facility will contain the world’s first privately-owned nuclear reactors dedicated to radioisotope production.
2782. directshifts : We connect healthcare workers (physicians, advanced practitioners, nurses and allied health workers) to hospitals/clinics/telehealth companies for short/full time job opportunities.
2783. stilt : Stilt/Onbo enables you to launch credit products without a bank sponsor. We have built APIs to abstract complexity around licenses, regulatory compliance, underwriting, loan management system, credit reporting, and debt capital. We are backed by fintech investors including Y Combinator, Link Ventures, Hillsven Capital, Petrushka investments (early backer of Lending Club, Zillow, Check, Pets.com), and CEOs of billion-dollar fintech companies.
2784. intrinsic : Build safer platforms with Intrinsic. Get access to the best safety technologies from one unified API. Enable your Trust & Safety team to tell cohesive stories from policy to product, to enforcement. Michael and Karine first met two years ago at Apple’s Fraud Engineering, Algorithmic Risk team, which evolved to become Apple’s Trust & Safety function. We are both engineers and helped solve online abuse problems, including spam, botting, account security, and developer fraud for Apple’s customer base of over a billion users.
2785. chatfuel : We are the largest platform for building bots on Facebook Messenger. Bots are pieces of software that help automate communication with humans through messaging applications. Since messengers have become the most heavily used mobile apps, bots have emerged as effective instruments that are changing the world of digital marketing. Our customers use bots for sales and marketing funnel automation, lead generation and nurturing, customer support and communication. Chatfuel’s bot creators range from small and medium businesses to the world’s most recognizable brands. Some of our largest customers include Adidas, T-Mobile, TechCrunch, LEGO, Golden State Warriors, and many others.
2786. cofactr : Innovative hardware teams use Cofactr to scale their electronic hardware from BOM through production, replacing spreadsheets and shelves with insights and on-demand infrastructure. We're a Y Combinator W22 company with growing revenue and backed with significant venture funding from VCs like Bain Capital Ventures.
2787. capitol-ai : As Perplexity or Gemini replaces the Google Search we all use today, it will remove the need to ever visit a website. This is an existential risk to all media brands, which is why Capitol went from zero to $1.68M in revenue during YC: all media companies need to offer THEIR OWN Perplexity-like experience to maintain their direct relationship with customers. The most trusted brand in political news and analysis, Politico, chose us to power their Politico Pro Subscription product. Consumers expect instant personalized answers. Publishers won’t build this on their own. Capitol’s API lights up publishers' websites and apps so their end users can generate personalized search results, cited research reports, and even tweet storms using the publisher’s proprietary data—all within their paywall. Capitol is the new last mile of content delivery for publishing. This market is $16b in 2023, and will grow to $85.6b in 2030. Gemini and Perplexity are the imperial forces. Capitol is arming the rebels.
2788. postera : PostEra is building a modern 21st century biopharma. We're using our advances in machine learning to accelerate Medicinal Chemistry and bring more cures to patients. PostEra advances small molecule programs through partnerships with biopharma while also advancing its own internal pipeline. We've raised $26M from top investors and closed $1Bn in AI partnerships, signing multi-year agreements with Amgen, Pfizer and the NIH. PostEra also launched and led the world's largest open-science drug discovery effort; COVID Moonshot.
2789. lygg : Up to 90% of skin aging is caused by ultraviolet (UV) light from the sun. We can protect against this by wearing sunscreen every day, but most people don’t. There are two reasons for this. First, most people don’t know that most skin aging is caused by cumulative sun exposure, even on cloudy days. And second, sunscreens are greasy. At Lygg, we’ve developed new ingredients that can triple the anti-aging protection of sunscreens and eliminate their greasiness. Our goal is to make wearing sunscreen a part of everyone’s daily routine.
2790. willow : Willow is an AI-powered revenue cycle management software. Starting with the intake and coding process for skilled nursing facilities, we maximize reimbursement by converting complex clinical paperwork into accurate diagnoses and ICD codes. We built Willow after seeing how nursing homes struggle with revenue cycle challenges that result in lost revenue and claim denials. Traditional processes are outdated and prone to errors, with no solution tailored to the complexities of long-term care. Our AI-driven platform addresses this gap, simplifying operations and reducing costly mistakes so staff can focus on delivering quality patient care. Over $490 billion is spent annually on long-term care in the US. With the growing demand and increasing complexity of insurance billing, Willow ensures long-term care providers capture the full value of their services.
2791. encord : Encord is the leading data development platform for advanced vision and multimodal AI teams. We build tools and infrastructure to help the world's leading AI teams get their models into production faster - with data-centric model testing, human-centric workflow and annotation tools for labeling & RLHF, and data curation and management software. Encord is trusted by pioneering AI teams at Stanford Medicine, Mass General Brigham, Tractable, Viz AI, Iterative Health, the UHN, the Royal Navy, Veo, and many more global companies.
2792. formance : Formance Platform is building open-source infrastructure for the next wave of financial services. It enables fintech engineers to build and operate complex flow of funds, weaving together multiple payment rails with internal ledger accounts. github.com/formancehq/stack
2793. dawn : Make meaning out of billions of tokens. Dawn is the analytics platform for AI products. We transform user requests and model outputs into metrics you'll actually care about.
2794. copycat : CopyCat allows you to record your screen and turn that task into an automation using AI.
2795. netomi : Welcome to Netomi AI, where we are revolutionizing the world of customer experiences through cutting-edge artificial intelligence. Our mission is clear: to create AI that not only solves mission-critical problems for the world's largest brands but also fosters genuine customer love. Backed by industry titans like Y-Combinator, Index Ventures, Jeffrey Katzenberg, and Greg Brockman, Netomi AI is at the forefront of defining the future of AI-driven customer engagement. At Netomi, we embody our core values in everything we do: Passion: We love what we do, genuinely. We persevere, creatively problem solve, and grow from adversity. Customer Focus: We obsess over creating a positive impact and deliver experiences that meet or exceed the needs of our customers, and their customers. One Team: We believe in working collaboratively as One Team to meet shared objectives and goals. Joining Netomi AI means being part of a dynamic, fast-growing team that values innovation, creativity, and hard work. As a key player in the Generative AI revolution, you'll have the opportunity to significantly impact our success while developing your skills and career in the ever-evolving field of AI. Netomi AI is not just a workplace; it's a community of visionaries shaping the future of customer engagement. If you're ready to be part of something extraordinary, where your passion aligns with our values and vision, we invite you to explore opportunities with us. Your journey to redefine customer experiences with brand-safe AI starts here. Mission To empower the highest quality customer experiences with brand-safe AI. Vision Building Brand and Customer Love
2796. courier : Courier is the fastest way for developers to build notifications for their app. Our APIs take the tedium out of integrating various notification channels, while our visual designer lets anyone design a message template and deliver their notifications to the best channel for each user with a single API call. Email, Push, In-App, Slack, SMS, you name it. Think "Stripe, for notifications."
2797. quiknode : Web3 developer platform to build, test, and scale blockchain applications. Lightning fast access to 44+ chains like Ethereum, Bitcoin, Solana, Polygon, Optimism, Arbitrum, Avalanche, Near, Stacks, Flow, Tron, zkSync and more. Elastic APIs, advanced ETL, storage (IPFS), powerful tools, analytics, and a 3rd-party marketplace -- all at your command through a simple control panel. Build your next big thing on-chain! Build it with QuickNode.
2798. deanslist : DeansList is a new gradebook that helps schools assess critical “soft skills” like perseverance, diligence, leadership, teamwork and grit. With DeansList, schools capture data on classroom behavior and disciplinary interventions, and use that data to define metrics and goals for student improvement. They also benefit from powerful analytics enabling them to see behavior trends emerge and constantly improve school culture.
2799. enerjazz : Enerjazz is building a battery swapping network (like gasoline stations) for 2M+ commercial electric vehicles in India. We make batteries affordable for EV owners and enable them to earn 80% more.
2800. shoobs : Shoobs offers event organisers with a convenient and powerful platform to sell tickets to their events. A couple of years ago we got thinking that selling tickets should be QUICK & EASY! So, we decided to create Shoobs to help event organisers sell out their events efficiently! Shoobs is the leading destination to discover and book great urban culture events in the UK, such as Hip Hop concerts and RnB club nights.
2801. truva : Truva handles the busywork intelligently saving your sales team hours each week, so they can focus on what matters most - building and closing deals. Many teams have seen up to 25% increase in sales where Truva's AI agents automated tedious tasks such as email follow up, CRM data entry, and process optimizations.
2802. techbiz : SMEs find it hard to derive value from their business data which is stuck inside hard-to-access accounting softwares. We provide them an app-first MIS/Business Intelligence solution to track their business essentials (Debtors, Creditors, Sales, Outstanding etc.) and help make quicker and better decisions.
2803. astroforge : AstroForge is an asteroid mining company. Instead of bringing back the entire asteroid, we break it up, refine, and return only what’s valuable.
2804. phoenix : Phoenix is a mission-driven digital healthcare platform for men. We are dedicated to improving the relationship men have with their health, while building the future of patient-centric healthcare in Canada from diagnosing to delivery.
2805. openphone : OpenPhone is the modern business phone system. It comes with powerful calling, messaging, and a lightweight CRM. Works great for individuals and teams. It allows you to share a phone number with teammates, like an inbox. Available on Mac, Windows, Web, iOS, and Android.
2806. volley : Volley builds the best voice AI games and entertainment experiences for Amazon Alexa, smartphones, and TVs. Popular Volley voice games include “Song Quiz”, “Jeopardy!”, and “The Price Is Right”. Our voice apps are used by millions of people every month. We believe voice control will become the main way people access entertainment in their bedrooms, kitchens, living rooms, and cars, and our goal is to become the "Netflix of Voice" for this emerging category of devices. Volley was founded by Max Child and James Wilsterman in 2016. We're a hybrid remote/in-person company, headquartered in San Francisco.
2807. pledge-health : Pledge automates patient billing for independent healthcare clinics. We estimate how much insurance will cover for each visit, so clinics can charge patients at the time of service, rather than waiting weeks for insurance to process.
2808. omniai : Omni turns documents, slide decks, websites and more into the data you need. You'll never need to copy + paste data into spreadsheets again. - Connect to a database or document store. We support Snowflake, Postgres, Google Drive, S3 and more. - Transform your data - Define type safe schemas to run against your unstructured data. We’ll run those models against your data, and keep your warehouse in sync as new rows/fields are added/deleted. - Query with SQL - All the transformed data stays in your warehouse. Surface this data in your product, or analyze with your existing BI tools.
2809. glass-health : We empower clinicians with our AI platform for developing differential diagnoses and drafting clinical plans.
2810. undermind : At Undermind, we're building a search engine that can handle extremely complex questions. It’s geared at experts, like research scientists and doctors, who need to find very specific resources to solve high-stakes problems. We’ve rebuilt search from the ground up to address this. Our new approach employs high-quality LLMs to adaptively explore a database, mimicking how a human researcher carefully discovers information. This approach dramatically outperforms (by 10-50x) traditional keyword search and other modern AI-based retrieval methods. Our first target users are the 50 million researchers searching for scientific literature on PubMed and Google Scholar every month. We’ve have users paying us $200-$500 per seat per year, from fields like medicine, ML, biotech, finance, and more.
2811. posthog : PostHog helps engineers build better products. We provide everything they need to make sure they are building something that people want. This means - product analytics, session replays, feedback tools, feature flags, experimentation, LLM observability, and a datawarehouse (with SQL) with one click data imports from the places you use. We've been averaging ~10% monthly revenue growth, we are [default alive](http://www.paulgraham.com/aord.html), and we didn't raised a huge / now-overpriced round in 2021. While others are focused on layoffs and struggling to grow into huge valuations, we're focusing on an awesome product for end users, hiring (a handful of) exceptional team members and seeing fantastic increases in revenue as a result. Check out posthog.com/careers if you want to be part of this journey.
2812. lvl6 : LVL6 creates social mobile games on Android and iOS.
2813. repacket : 90% of security breaches are caused by a simple employee mistake. Your employee clicks a bad link, and gives up their password. They download a virus and run it. They leak your source code and PHI to ChatGPT. Repacket allows your employees to enjoy the internet without risk - instantly blocking threats like data leaks and phishing using content inspection and AI. This gives your employees the ability to make that mistake without impacting your company. Founded by cybersecurity leaders from SpaceX, AWS, and Google - we're building security tools that solve the biggest problems, without headaches for your employees.
2814. bot-md : Bot MD is an A.I assistant for doctors. Our company's mission is to Empower Doctors around the world. Bot MD can be trained on any type of hospital content to provide instant answers to clinical questions.
2815. hum : Hum is a product designed to disrupt email with collaboration. It organizes conversation into threads, lets you drop work requests into each others’ feeds, and syncs everything across your devices. Hum is focused on real-time conversation and presence. It makes it easy to see who else is currently viewing a thread. You can “read later” any threads you can’t get to right now, or pin important conversations to the top of the app. The company made a lot of bold claims about how it will transition you away from email as you use it more, but didn’t provide many specifics. Hum will have a steep uphill battle against incumbents like Yammer and Asana, and email, which has been harder to disrupt than most people realize.
2816. her : HER is here to connect womxn and queer people. Our dating app helps LGBTQ+ folks express their identity fully and unequivocally to meet someone for love, lust or anything in between. Our communities connect people to each other socially around interests and identity. Group chats around what's important to you as well as listings of LGBTQ+ evens taking place in your area. HER also hosts events in 12 cities across the world, helping queer womxn meet in person. Our parties are typically 300-600 people per event and we host 4 per month.
2817. cairns-health : Cairns Health is creating a fundamentally better healthcare experience for people with chronic health conditions and those who care for them. We make healthcare more accessible by simplifying complex care plans, connecting care teams and meeting patients where they live. Through our conversational AI, patients use their voice to interact with our digital care companion, who proactively gives medication reminders, symptom checks, behavioral nudges and even engages in friendly conversation to ease loneliness. Cairns uses a device that includes radar to put the patient in context and passively monitors their activities, including: heart rate, breathing rate and sleep stages, all without a wearable. The result is informed and timely intervention that drives improved clinical outcomes, reduced care delivery costs and a more satisfactory healthcare experience for all.
2818. moonvalley : We are building the next generation creative studio, powered by the most capable video and image foundational models. We are creating the place where generative image and video experiences will be built. Backed by Y-Combinator and Khosla Ventures.
2819. tenderd : The platform uses a combination of sensors and machine learning algorithms to increase the efficiency and sustainability of operations in the logistics, energy, and construction sector.
2820. nomba : Nomba provides Banking and payment to 200k+ small business in Nigeria through point of sales solutions.
2821. waystocap : WaystoCap takes the pain out of working internationally for businesses all over the African continent, improving their ability to trade. They help them find partners internationally, and regionally; sourcing the most competitive prices; offering better payment terms; and supporting the entire trade. WaystoCap is a technology driven trading platform focused on Africa. We are backed by some of the best early stage US and international investors including Battery Ventures (investors in Google), 4DX Ventures (investors in Flutterwave) and Y Combinator (Airbnb and Dropbox).
2822. closer-sports : 
2823. carbonchain : We’re building a SaaS tool that enables companies in highly polluting industries to track their supply chain carbon emissions so they can mitigate risks from incoming carbon taxes and government penalties.
2824. hitpay : HitPay is a full stack payments infrastructure platform designed for growing businesses in APAC. Founded in 2016 and headquartered in Singapore, HitPay unifies e-commerce, point of sale, and B2B payments into a single platform. The company is regulated in 6 APAC jurisdictions and backed by leading global investors, including Tiger Global, Y Combinator, Global Founders Capital, and HOF Capital.
2825. regent : REGENT is building a new mode of transportation that will redefine regional mobility by mid-decade. Their first product, the seaglider, is an all-electric, hydrofoiling boat-plane that operates within a wingspan of the water's surface. By flying low on a cushion of air, seagliders unlock the ability to fly twice as far as an electric aircraft, while being regulated by maritime authorities enabling market entry for a fraction of the cost. REGENT has de-risked seaglider technology with a ¼-scale, 400 lb, flying demonstration vehicle and a full-scale wing test section. By 2024, REGENT will fly humans on the first full-scale prototype seaglider. By mid-decade, REGENT’s customers - airlines and ferry companies – will begin commercial seaglider service on the 12-seat initial product. In just two years, REGENT has accumulated $8B in provisional orders (including firm deposits) proving the potential of the $25B+ initial market. REGENT, a team of 40, is led by MIT-trained, ex-Boeing engineers Billy Thalheimer and Mike Klinker. REGENT has raised $50M to date from the likes of Thiel Capital, Founders Fund, Mark Cuban, Y Combinator, and includes strategic investment from Japan Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines and Mesa Airlines.
2826. atomic-industries : Atomic's mission is to replicate high-skill trade knowledge of tool and die makers into AI that powers new manufacturing systems which are orders of magnitude more productive.
2827. pocket-worlds : We're the creators of Highrise, now featured in the iOS App Store with 50 million users and rapidly growing. We're building bleeding-edge technology for developers and amateurs to create immersive experiences and worlds inside our virtual universe. We believe that the future of virtual worlds is bright, and we're excited to be at the forefront of this industry. As we continue to grow and expand our platform, we're looking for talented individuals to join us on this journey of innovation and creativity. If you're passionate about building the platform to power virtual experiences that bring people together and push the boundaries of what's possible, we want you on our team!
2828. instawork : Instawork is the on-demand staffing app for hourly workers and hospitality businesses. Our vision is to create economic opportunity for local businesses and professionals, globally. Workers need a better way to find great local jobs and businesses need a better way to find quality workers fast.
2829. lariat-data : Lariat is a Continuous Data Quality monitoring platform to discover data bugs before your consumers do. Ensure data products don’t break even as business logic, input data and infrastructure change. Use Lariat to define and then automatically extract, store and visualize data quality metrics on raw event-level data through to delivered data products.
2830. domu-technology-inc : Domu automates debt collection calls for the banks using generative AI. We have $870k in ARR with clients like BBVA, BNP Paribas and Skandia.
2831. bimaplan : Bimaplan is an affordable insurance platform for the next billion Indians. Our vision is to provide financial security to 150 million vulnerable households through contextual life and health insurance products. The growth in mobile penetration and the evolution of digital infrastructure in India has now made it possible to reach this vulnerable population. This is an $8 billion addressable market. We launched in February 2021, and went live with one insurance underwriting partner. We are on track to sell 1,000 policies in March 2021. We are backed by some of the best early stage technology investors, successful fintech founders, and insurance industry veterans. The company is founded by Vikul Goyal, a second-time founder with a successful exit track record. His previous venture, Carcrew, was acquired by TVS Group, a large automotive conglomerate in India.
2832. apportable : Apportable allows developers to cross-compile Objective-C apps to Android, without maintaining a separate code base in Java. It is used by many top-rated iOS games like Kingdom Rush and Osmos to deploy to Android stores using their existing Objective-C or C++ code.
2833. ruta-health : Ruta Health is the trusted digital health platform connecting individuals seeking a more efficient and personal approach to health information, who are tired of sifting through unreliable sources, directly with licensed doctors for personalized health information. Unlike scattered internet searches and AI symptom checkers, our async expert-led process ensures accurate, one-on-one answers to all your health questions. We aim to make health information accessible and understandable for everyone to be your trusted "doctor friend".
2834. genomelink : Genomelink is a DNA App Store. If you got DNA tested from companies like 23andMe/Ancestry, you can transfer your DNA data to Genomelink and unlock hundreds of unique apps like: 🧬Global ancestry report that goes deeper than 23andMe. 🧬More varieties of body and mind traits analysis than that are available on Ancestry. Team: Tomo from M3, Inc. ($70B medical platform), Yuta from MyCode (#1 consumer genetic testing in Japan), Ken from Sony (tech & bio-info lead at a joint venture between Illumina and Sony), and Carlos Bustamante, P.I. from Stanford University. The investor and affiliates include Y Combinator (S21), Sompo (Top insurance CVC in Japan, led deals for Palantir and Noom), Sony, Berkeley SkyDeck, and StartX.
2835. vetcove : Vetcove is how veterinarians buy the supplies they need to keep America's pets healthy. Our community of more than 18,000 veterinary hospitals employs tens of thousands of veterinarians and delivers care to many millions of animals every year across all 50 states. As of 2022, we power purchasing and supply chain infrastructure for half of America's general practices, emergency and specialty clinics, SPCAs, zoos, aquariums, and veterinary consolidators. Vetcove's eCommerce and mobile platforms afford veterinary hospitals a frictionless purchasing experience, and facilitate delivery of medications to pet parents across the country. Simply put, Vetcove helps veterinary organizations spend more time giving care, and less time comparing suppliers and managing inventory. We're completely revolutionizing the way veterinarians discover and buy products, and how animal health brands engage their veterinary customers. We're hiring! Come join us on our journey to transform how vets buy and prescribe the animal healthcare products that keep our pets in peak condition.
2836. nino-foods : Nino Foods builds and operates fast food restaurants in India. We own 3 brands- Nino Burgers, Francesco's Pizzeria and KHA-Fried Chicken. We operate QSR and cloud kitchen formats and have industry leading payback period per store (<1 year). We are tripling in size yearly and are profitable. We have 25 Locations in Mumbai and service 40K orders per month. The founding team has Nishant - an Insead MBA, and Pranav-who led online revenue for Disney and Conde Nast India.
2837. workflowy : WorkFlowy is a tool for organizing your brain. It provides a powerful interface for hierarchical lists. People use it as a replacement for text editors and spreadsheets as organizational tools. They leave it open all day and put whatever passes through their brain in it - project plans, to-do's, meeting notes, brainstorms, etc..
2838. circuithub : CircuitHub is on a mission to fix rapid electronics prototyping. We are the first automated electronics factory built around a modern tech stack. We help hardware companies producing self-driving cars, satellites, 3D printers, robotics, & more to rapidly prototype electronics and get to market faster.
2839. trebu : Trebu helps logistics companies to reliably detect and structure incoming sales orders by scanning and interpreting the thousands of incoming Whatsapp messages and emails they receive every day. For example, we help a logistics broker to double the amount of daily reported shipment requests by automatically detecting messages asking for a shipping service and transferring the details into a structured database.
2840. ironclad : Contracts are business decisions trapped in administrative tasks. Ironclad is software that does all the administrative work better left for a robot, freeing legal teams to do more substantive work and drive business strategy. By automating contracting processes and extracting intelligence from contracts, Ironclad lets legal teams focus on legal work, rather than paperwork. Legal teams at companies like Gusto, HotelTonight, GoFundMe, Glassdoor, Procore use Ironclad to get their contracts done more efficiently and accurately, and to maintain a single source of truth regarding their contents. Headquartered in San Francisco, Ironclad is backed by Accel, Greylock, SV Angel, Formation 8, and was incubated in Y Combinator. For more information, visit https://www.ironcladapp.com.
2841. postscript : We are building the #1 revenue channel for ecommerce. Top customers include Ruggable, Dr. Squatch, Thrive Cosmetics, and 10,000 more. Postscript generates more than $2B/yr in e-commerce revenue for our merchants, growing ~2x per year. Our goal is to generate $1T+ per year in e-commerce revenue. Interesting challenges: - Massive Scale - Real-time conversations across 100M phones
2842. mach9 : Mach9 is at the forefront of leveraging advanced machine learning and computer vision techniques to transform geospatial data into actionable insights for urban development and infrastructure management. Our cutting-edge technology automates the detection and analysis of key urban features, aiding in the planning and maintenance of transportation networks.
2843. happl : Happl - Personalised benefits for employees to choose what’s right for them, and tools for managers to engage their teams, whilst we take care of all the compliance and admin. Founded in 2020 and based in London, UK, Happl works with some of the UK’s leading employers to bring their hybrid working culture to life! https://www.happl.com/
2844. coast : Coast is the operating system for API sales. Coast integrates with a company’s API to set up live web apps for every customer and their use case, creating API demos to be used throughout the sales cycle. Leading API-first companies across verticals utilize Coast demos to enable their customer facing teams to easily show the value of their software to prospects.
2845. yearend : YearEnd helps startup employees optimize their equity and taxes, and can also file their tax returns. They simply connect their financial accounts and YearEnd will tell them how much tax they’ll owe and will make recommendations on how to make better decisions. At the end of the year, YearEnd can also file their tax return for them or they can collaborate with their existing tax accountant.
2846. siftly : Analytics tailored for your D2C brand to save money and grow by cutting customer costs.
2847. basalt : Basalt Tech is a spacecraft OS company based in San Francisco. We're building Dispatch: An OS which allows different types of satellites to work together, and produces optimized instructions for fleets of spacecraft. The company is founded by Max Bhatti and Alex Choi, lead engineers at the MIT CubeSat program. Previously, the duo worked as systems engineers at SpaceX, and the UK Ministry of Defense. Basalt Tech recently received its seed investment as part of the Y Combinator W24 batch, and is currently in technical development.
2848. maya-labs : Applied research lab on a mission to build machines which can program themselves to do any task.
2849. rubber-ducky-labs : Do you want to optimize revenue, engagement, or both? Our team of experts will get you great results, quickly.
2850. taste : Taste is an online marketplace where you can order ready-to-eat dinners from great restaurants, shipped nationwide. The next time you want to have a nice dinner at home, instead of cooking for hours or getting low quality take out, you can order a nice multi-course dinner from Taste to enjoy with friends or loved ones.
2851. green-energy-exchange : The Green Energy Exchange delivers affordable renewable energy direct to homes and businesses. The company offers the most affordable green energy plans in the market and is dedicated to increasing the demand for renewable energy by offering to clean energy at affordable prices. By removing middleman and inefficiencies we can provide lower prices to consumers, higher revenues to generators and help increase the adoption of clean energy sources. Empowering people to buy renewable energy at great prices will help move us to a cleaner and greener future. We are a licensed retail electric provider and operate in Texas currently.
2852. butter-systems : Butter Systems lets customers at restaurants order food/drink on demand at the table, using a dedicated tablet or their own mobile device. The product spurs more impulse orders and enables every transaction to happen, whether the server is available or not. Mobile payment also allows for a seamless customer experience and faster table turn.
2853. slite : Slite is an AI-powered knowledge base making it easy to create, manage, and access company information. Teams can quickly find what they need by simply asking questions. Slite makes it easy to keep your company's knowledge current. Over 1,500 companies and 50 000 users leverage Slite as their trusted source of knowledge.
2854. aldara : Aldara is a modern, efficient HOA manager. We achieve that by automating back-office and operations with our in-house technology, powered by AI.
2855. lumoid : We are a try before you buy service for consumer electronics.
2856. startplaying-games : ✨ Hello! ✨ - StartPlaying.Games is the largest marketplace for finding game masters to host digital tabletop games like D&D. Today, more than 40 million people play D&D around the world and sales have grown by double-digit percentages for the last five consecutive years. But still finding people to host and play these games with is challenging. Most solutions involve digging through discord servers, reddit, and specialty forums. We built StartPlaying.Games to solve this problem.
2857. moichor : Leveraging AI to provide veterinarians with more accurate and affordable diagnostics.
2858. paystack : Paystack is a small and vibrant family working across Lagos and San Francisco. We enable businesses to accept payments via credit card, debit card, money transfer, and mobile money, directly from their website or mobile app.
2859. bus-com : Bus.com removes all of the friction involved in bringing a group of people to an event or experience. Our web app makes it easy to organize, book, join and enjoy bus trips: we believe organizing group travel should be just as easy and fun as the trip itself. Founded by travel industry veterans and built with startup hustle, we get you where you want to go, with people you love, while having a blast. Planning an event, going on a trip, or just curious? Visit us at www.bus.com
2860. allcancode : From idea-stage startups to established companies, we are transforming your idea into a marketable product fast and efficiently. Your product will be in the good hands of a talented team devoted to your success. You will forget all about scarce or overwhelmed developer resources. We accelerate the product development process using our hybrid platform (no-code, low-code and pro-code) which generates high quality code for React, React Native and Next.js
2861. inevent : InEvent is an all in one platform that allows you to use multiple solutions (website, registration, mobile app, hospitality, check-in, badge printing, budgeting, etc) altogether, without having to upload data 3-4x times on different pages. Everything is available on the cloud, 24x7, for you and your attendees. Most of our competitors have modules that don't talk with each other, we solved this by creating a solid foundation that all of our solutions are built upon. We have already successfully improved more than 12,400 events, boosting more than 2,390,000 registrations so far. We have integrations with Salesforce, Marketo, Oracle, Microsoft and other vendors to create a simple, easy-to-use marketing ecosystem for all our customers. Discover the InEvent Virtual Lobby, the top event marketing solution in the world today: https://inevent.com/en/virtual-online-streaming-events-room-events-innovative.php
2862. le-tote : Le Tote is the leading online fashion service, providing women access to an unlimited, personalized closet of everyday apparel. Its highly analytical, data-driven approach to retail aims to fundamentally transform the next generation of commerce. Leveraging more than 2B customer data points, the proprietary style and personalization engine is fully powered by algorithms, and supported by custom-built, end-to-end technology and logistics solutions. Le Tote has customers across 48 states in the U.S. and recently launched in China. The company has seen over 300% growth year over year for the past 2 years and has raised more than $60M from top-tier venture capital firms including Andreessen Horowitz, Google Ventures, Y Combinator, Azure Capital and Sway Ventures.
2863. byte : 
2864. localyze : From borders and bureaucracy to openness and simplicity. With Localyze, we’re reimagining how people move for work by bringing together seamless technology, transparency and unrivalled service. We believe in freeing talent from borders, so we’re building a centralised platform for a decentralised world. A world where companies can hire from everywhere — and people can work and live where they want to.
2865. glasskube : Managing enterprise software deployments shouldn’t feel like a balancing act. At Glasskube, we make deploying, managing, and updating software in on-premises, VPC, and air-gapped environments easier than ever. Our Mission: We empower software vendors to deliver exceptional customer experiences with less complexity. Whether you’re onboarding new clients, rolling out updates, or troubleshooting issues, our Software Distribution Platform streamlines every step. The founders have been best friends for over 15 years, lived together in college, and even had a startup together. Philip was the CTO of a European Kubernetes-based company that was acquired in 2022.
2866. vital : Vital is an API for at-home health data that makes it easy for health tech companies to collect data from 100's of wearable devices and deliver at-home test kits to their users. Healthtech companies need lab data as well as wearable data, and we give them access to both through a single line of code.
2867. sst : SST is an open-source framework that makes it easy to build modern full-stack applications on your own infrastructure.
2868. teamout : TeamOut is a retreat platform for team managers. We offer easy-to-book venues for team retreats. Managers spend months planning for a retreat. We help them do it in just a few days. How? We offer 20+ bedroom private places with robust Wifi that companies can book in a few clicks. This is an incredibly exciting time to meet with your team again, build memorable experiences that your team will remember forever.
2869. whyd : Whyd is a free social music platform designed for music lovers to keep, play, and share all of the internet's music. It is the missing link between places where people post music to stream, like YouTube and Soundcloud, and the places where people share music, like Facebook, and Twitter. The internet is the biggest source of music ever. There are billions of songs available to stream for free. But the music landscape is fragmented, between the multitude of different platforms where people post music, and the places where people share and talk about music. They believe that music lovers need their own platform, that serves as a tool to organize and listen to the web, and a social network that is seamlessly integrated into the listening and curation experience.
2870. sola : Sola is copilot for workflow automation. We help automation-minded teams build robust robotic agents to handle tedious tasks via LLMs and computer vision, smoothly integrated into their standard workflow. Our tooling makes it easy for companies to automate data entry/scraping in manual filing and processing flows. Go from a screen recording to a bot in any desktop or browser workflow; develop logic and watch logic self-develop in the face of new events!
2871. rally : Rally is what Zoom breakouts should have been. Users can hop between groups easily, while seeing and hearing the other groups around them, as if they were in a shared space. Rally is perfect for happy hours, networking, and other social gatherings. We are being used by institutions like Amazon, Harvard and a multitude of startups across North America.
2872. kindamagical : Kindamagical is a recording + editing studio for making product content. We help users record, produce, and share product GIFs in minutes, that would otherwise take hours to produce with traditional tools.
2873. akiflow : Akiflow is a Tasks + Calendars productivity app ⚡️ Capture tasks from multiple sources ⚙️ Process fast with shortcuts (plan/snooze) ✅ Increase your focus and personal organization
2874. ploomber : We are building a cloud platform to help companies deploy and scale AI applications.
2875. chariot-2 : Chariot is building financial products for nonprofits, starting with the first ever online payment system connecting Donor Advised Funds (DAFs) with nonprofits. DAF’s have $250 billion in assets and grant out over $52 billion per year to nonprofits. It’s the fastest growing segment of philanthropy, by far. Chariot now powers seamless DAF giving for tens of thousands of nonprofits, including some of the most well-known nonprofits in the country, like Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center, Central Park Conservancy, Boys & Girls Club of America, Pan-Mass Challenge, and March of Dimes. DAFpay is also now a primary payment option on leading fundraising platforms like GoFundMe, Givebutter, DonorDrive, Springboard by Jackson River, Engaging Networks, and dozens more. We are already driving tens of millions in new online DAF Giving by thousands of donors, and we’re only getting started.
2876. memfault : Memfault is the first IoT reliability platform that empowers teams to build more robust devices with software at scale. We believe that device reliability engineering will transform how developers build and operate IoT and edge devices with more productivity and more collaboration. As IoT applications continue to grow in complexity, it is more important than ever for developers to have Memfault’s performance monitoring, device debugging, and OTA update capabilities built into their fleet of devices for proactive device operations. We built Memfault to enable developers with a more scalable and sustainable process to accelerate go-to-market, de-risk product launches, cut product costs, and deliver overall superior products.
2877. concourse : Concourse is building AI agents for corporate finance teams. Concourse works alongside finances teams to assist in day-to-day operations by taking on the most manual and time consuming work. Core to the platform is an AI analyst tailor-built for finance teams that is available at any hour of the day, accessible via natural language, and built with full connectivity to a company’s existing financial systems. Concourse enables team members to more effectively retrieve and analyze data, generate charts and reports, and answer ad-hoc questions.
2878. vapi : 
2879. bloop : Most of the Fortune 500 still use mainframes for some of their compute, but innovation, skills and cost pressure means that most are looking to reduce their mainframe workloads. We build tools that help teams modernise, write and understand legacy codebases, with the help of generative AI.
2880. finch : Finch is the API to access payroll and HR systems. We allow admins to connect their company in a compliant and secure manner to applications. Finch integrates across providers enabling developers to access a previously closed system and are at the source of truth for employee data and money flow. Our API powers use cases across lending, insurance, benefits, FP&A, and HR applications.
2881. upequity : UpEquity is removing contingencies for home buyers so that they have more negotiating leverage when purchasing their next home.
2882. weebly : Company Information Weebly is a consumer service that gives people a surprisingly easy and affordable way to create a site that is as unique as they are. Weebly lets entrepreneurs start something and showcase their work. With a Weebly site, people can communicate with their clients, promote their works to potential buyers, share their story with like-minded people, and be an authority on personal and professional interests. Weebly offers a range of pricing options, including a free plan and premium plans starting at $4/month. Weebly sites are optimized to work brilliantly across computers, phones and tablets. Global Growth Over 20million people around the world have started a site on Weebly Weebly sites receive over 100,000,000 unique visitors each month Weebly is offered in 11 languages: English, French, Spanish, Italian, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Chinese, JPese, Russian and Turkish Weebly is privately funded by Sequoia Capital, Baseline Ventures, Ron Conway, and Y Combinator.
2883. transastra-corporation : With five issued patents covering our core business lines, and more than a dozen additional patents pending this year and more than $5M in revenue, TransAstra is developing the technologies that will drive the rapidly expanding space economy. Our breakthrough Omnivore propulsion system can propel spacecraft, including our Worker Bee commercial OTV with water or virtually any other fluid as a propellant using only concentrated sunlight as a power source. Omnivore is faster, cheaper, and more practical than electric propulsion while being substantially less expensive, safer, and more operationally flexible than legacy chemical propulsion systems. Our Sutter Telescope System can identify and locate resource-rich asteroids and orbital debris that existing technologies can’t find and works synergistically with our Worker Bee OTV for orbital logistics. For government customers, Sutter can identify dark fast-moving objects between Earth and the Moon which currently evade detection, a critical issue for national defense and a key need of the Space Force. We are already using Sutter in ground-based observatories and will begin commercial sales of Sutter SDA data next month having tracked dozens of faint moving objects in space already. Once launched into space, Sutter will be 300,000 times more cost effective than any other known telescope design and will revolutionize sense making in space.
2884. assemblyai : AssemblyAI is an applied AI company. We research, train, and deploy State-of-the-Art AI models for developers and product teams to integrate into their products/apps. Today, we offer AI models for audio transcription, content moderation, summarization, topic detection, and many other tasks. We are working towards building the "Stripe for AI models" - where developers and product teams will be able to easily access State-of-the-Art AI through a simple API. We're a fully remote team of AI researchers and ML engineers, and have raised over $65M in funding from top investors including Accel, Insight Partners, Y Combinator, John/Patrick Collison, Daniel Gross, and Nat Friedman.
2885. hapi : Hapi democratizes investing for consumers in Latin America. We let anyone from Latam easily invest in stocks, ETFs and cryptos in under 5 minutes, with no minimums and no commissions.
2886. goodkind : Universities and colleges use Goodkind to build their future and current student communication campaigns via sms, video, chat, mail and more.
2887. raycaster : Raycaster helps companies sell complex technical products by surfacing hidden insights about their prospects. Our customers use us to automatically uncover everything from lab equipment specifications to API performance metrics - research that traditionally took weeks of manual digging. What's exciting is how these insights naturally spread. Teams start with sales, then realize their product and strategy teams need this deep customer understanding too. We're building the intelligence layer that helps technical teams make better decisions.
2888. mixpanel : Mixpanel is analytics for builders that need answers from their data at their fingertips. When everyone in the organization can see — and learn from — the impact of their work, they are poised to make better decisions. Companies like OpenAI, Netflix, Pinterest, sweetgreen, CNN, samsara, Uber, and Yelp use Mixpanel to understand their customers, measure progress, and endeavor to make better decisions.
2889. justpaid-ai : Automate accounts receivable, a delightful billing platform. Contact us: sales@justpaid.ai ------ Our values: We are always asking ourselves, how can we make a company's team's life easier to help them scale through financial technology? - We don’t settle. - We are passionate. - We are serial entrepreneurs. We aim to make a dent in the universe
2890. coperniq : Coperniq is workflow software for solar & energy contractors. It cuts soft cost per installation by $3K (17% of total cost) & accelerates project completion by 45 days (30% of project timeline). We replace Salesforce, spreadsheets, pencil-&-paper, & other hacky workarounds with an industry-specific application for the underserved energy workforce. Main benefits for our customers 1. Finish projects faster and cheaper: Our platform cuts 17% of soft costs, allowing contractors to deploy more projects, faster, and cheaper, with 5-star customer experience every time 2. Turn costly (often unprofitable) service calls into a revenue engine: By integrating with hardware OEMs (Enphase, SolarEdge, etc...), Coperniq gives you real-time health checks for your install base, automates service tickets, & drives referral revenue Coperniq does all this and much more in one beautiful platform! Are you or someone you know running or thinking about starting a solar company? [Schedule a call with us :)](https://calendly.com/coperniq-sales/discovery-web-v2 )
2891. raptor-maps : Solar power is the #1 source of new energy in the world. Raptor Maps is a fast-growing, MIT-born startup that builds software to manage the solar lifecycle. We are deployed across 45 countries and 200+ million solar panels. Our software enables the solar industry to scale. We're headquartered at Greentown Labs, the largest cleantech incubator in the US and also support fully remote employees.
2892. pythagora-gpt-pilot : Pythagora is an open source tool that builds apps from scratch by talking to users. It uses LLMs to automate developer workflows (debugging, refactoring, etc.) and ask user questions whenever it needs feedback. It is an IDE extension built on top of our open-source tool, GPT Pilot, which has over 22k Github stars. You start by describing an app you want to build; then, it asks you questions about the details of the app to write the full app specifications. Once the specs are done, it starts coding. When it finishes a task, it asks you to test the app and tell it if something is incorrect. It iterates with you by changing the code and asking you for feedback until the task is finished. Finally, it commits the code it has written and proceeds to the next task until the entire app is finished.
2893. julius : Julius is an AI Data Scientist that can analyze and visualize massive datasets, perform complex analysis like forecasting and regression, and even train ML models
2894. opez : Opez is dedicated to helping you discover exceptional service professionals. But who are these people, you might ask, and what are they like? Well, friends, let us tell you. To us, exceptional service professionals are individuals who consistently exceed your expectations in their line of work because they love what they do and because they love their customers.
2895. fitfu : It all began in January 2009 when our founders - wandering digital sage Jof and software guru Benjie - released an innocent little app called PushupFu. The result of countless sleepless nights, numerous rolls of duct tape, a few everyday household objects, far too many takeouts and some epic battles with a kitten... it was released into an unsuspecting world at the entirely inappropriate time of 2am on New Year's Eve. Soon one app become four, and before we knew it we had lots of happy users and lots of great coverage by all sorts of people such The Telegraph, Wired, O'Reilly and MacFormat. Being a friendly bunch, we took the time to chat with the hundreds of you who said hello, and we found you all had the same problem: gyms were either too expensive, too daunting, too boring or too inconvenient. In other words, a lot of people needed another way to stay active. And the more people we spoke to, the bigger this problem seemed to be - it was like almost no one was active enough! Big problems require big solutions, so after raising some money from the visionaries at 4iP we amassed a team of the best designers, artists, 3d animators and programmers with the single mission: to improve the fu of the world by making an app so damn good that everyone will want to stay active. Fitfu allows you to: * Track your motion Using the accelerometer on your iPhone or iPod Touch, FitFu gives you feedback to help you keep going and reach your goals. * Celebrate progress with friends Friends are the key to sticking to your goals, so we've made FitFu social; whether you want to cheer them on, thank them for help or just compare your progress. * Discover a new way to stay motivated The more you and your friends are active, the higher your level and the higher your points. And points mean prizes; unlock new content as you progress. * Stay active wherever, whenever No more being tied to a games console or a gym, now you can stay active wherever you are - be that your bedroom, your office, a hotel room or in the cabin of your Mississippi boat. (Yes it happens!) *Lose what you want Participate with Fitfu at your level of interest - decide to be gung ho, middle of the road, or simply casual.
2896. the-mercer-club : The Mercer Club is e-commerce's first-ever men’s rental service offering luxury and streetwear fashions at affordable pricing— think of it as Rent the Runway for men. Founded on the principle that fashion should be affordable and accessible, The Mercer Club aims to deliver an assortment of clothing, shoes and accessories to fulfill all a man's wardrobe needs, helping them stay on trend while considering their budget. Customers can rent pieces from well-known streetwear brands such as Yeezy, Nike and Supreme or luxury designers such as Gucci, Margiela, Acne and Balenciaga for as little as $25 a day or a monthly subscription for $75 a month. With the subscription plan, renters get 2 items at a time and swap out each week for another set of 2 items. The process is seamless from beginning to end— after placing an order, items arrive in 2-3 days in a custom box with a prepaid return shipping label. Our specialized team takes care of any laundering on your behalf and minor wear and tear is covered by us.
2897. deepgram : Deepgram is a foundational AI company on a mission to understand human language. We give any developer access to the most advanced speech AI transcription and understanding with just an API call. Our models deliver the fastest, most accurate transcription alongside contextual features like summarization, sentiment analysis, and topic detection. Beyond that, developers can: 🔊 Process live-streaming or pre-recorded audio 🌎 Transcribe in dozens of languages ⚙️ Train custom models for unique use cases 🔑 Access deep NLU with a unified API 💻 Build in any programming language with our SDKs ✅ Deploy on-prem or on DG’s managed cloud 📈 Get scalable GPU infra for training and inference Deepgram is a proud NVIDIA partner and Y Combinator company, and we recently completed a $72M Series B to define the future of AI Speech Understanding, making us the most-funded speech AI company at its stage.
2898. vena-vitals : Vena Vitals makes a small sticker that monitors blood pressure continuously. We've shown that it works in the operating room and is as accurate as the best tools doctors have today, at a fraction of the cost. We're a team of health tech scientists with multiple past startups and exits, and we've built products that have scaled to over 2M users.
2899. lucite : Lucite is building the first AI-native platform to help insurance brokers and advisors automate the most complex and time consuming parts of their job. We ingest unstructured carrier documents to accurately extract and analyze data, create insights, and generate deliverables, saving firms hours of time each day.
2900. upkeep : Mobile-First CMMS/Enterprise Asset Management System UpKeep is asset and maintenance management — done the right way. We take a mobile-first approach to the traditional desktop-based enterprise software. We keep technicians out in the field working on the most pressing issues — saving precious time and money. Tracking the costs of assets over their lifetime is now easier than ever. We keep businesses more efficient and streamline their workflow by eliminating paper work orders. We currently have over 2,000,000 registered users from small businesses to large enterprises. We offer low-cost solutions with transparent pricing to a common problem that many companies face. Our vision is to provide the best mobile solution for asset and work order management in a space that is dominated by traditional enterprise software companies. We've raised a total of $50 million from Y Combinator, Battery Ventures, Bain Capital, Emergence Capital, and Insight Partners. -Assign work orders -Create and save tasks -UPC Label scanning -Create assets and assign work orders to assets -Preview for analytical graphs We are a Y Combinator-backed company (YC W17)
2901. styleup : StyleUp brings effortless joy to getting dressed with daily, weather-appropriate advice tailored to suit your life and style. It's your shortcut to chic. We believe in discovery. It's our job to find outfit recommendations you love and deliver them to you conveniently and beautifully. Your feedback helps us make better recommendations, so we can serve you better every single day.
2902. prometheus : We remove CO2 and water from the air and use electricity from solar and wind power to turn them into zero net carbon electrofuels. These are gasoline, diesel, and jet fuels that work in existing cars, trucks and planes without requiring modification of their engines, and don't contribute to global warming because they don't add any new CO2 to the atmosphere. Each gallon of our electrofuels means a gallon of fossil oil left in the ground forever. Importantly, these fuels for the first time can compete with fossil fuels on price - our zero net carbon jet fuel has a price of one cent per gallon less than fossil jet fuel. American Airlines ordered 10 million gallons of this fuel and we will start shipping it next year.
2903. qventus : Qventus’ mission is to simplify how healthcare operates so it just works — for everyone. The company offers an AI-based software platform that helps hospital teams make better operational decisions in real-time. Qventus addresses operational challenges across the hospital including emergency departments, perioperative areas, patient safety, in-patient, outpatient and pharmacy. Located in Silicon Valley, Qventus is honored to be working with leading public, academic and community hospitals across the United States. Founded in 2012, Qventus was named among Fast Company’s Most Innovative Companies for 2018. The company has also been recognized as a leader and innovator in operational excellence, with the 2016 Fierce Innovations Award in Healthcare and Healthcare Informatics 2017 Innovator Award. For more information about Qventus, please visit www.qventus.com
2904. misprint : Misprint is an all-in-one marketplace that solves the biggest pain point in the collectibles world: opaque pricing. Collectors, investors, and hobbyists currently rely on scattered data from auction houses, online forums, and reseller platforms, making it difficult to know the true value of their items. Misprint streamlines the process by combining accurate pricing analytics with a seamless buy/sell marketplace, making it easier than ever to understand and monetize collectible assets. Existing marketplaces lack robust, real-time analytics because accurate valuations require deep expertise in both the collectibles domain and advanced pricing algorithms. Misprint’s unique blend of insider trading card knowledge and machine learning allows us to fill this gap. Building these pricing models requires extensive data infrastructure, deep domain expertise, and cutting-edge ML. Recent surges in the trading card market show that collectors crave transparent valuations. The global collectibles market is worth tens of billions of dollars. Eva has experienced the scale of this industry firsthand, generating $500k ARR within three months of taking her Pokemon card-selling side hustle full-time. With additional segments like sports cards, comics, and emerging collectible categories, the growth runway is immense. Co-founders Eva and Jon have been best friends since Exeter, combining finance expertise, a passion for collectibles, and mathematical rigor. By merging Goldman Sachs-level financial analytics with top-tier mathematical talent, Misprint is uniquely positioned to become the go-to platform for fair, transparent pricing in the collectibles space.
2905. dashworks : Dashworks is where work begins. Where all your documents, messages, tickets, and other knowledge scattered across your company's apps and people come together seamlessly. And where you and your team can get on the same page, and get things done.
2906. statuspage : Statuspage is the #1 status and incident communication tool, acquired by Atlassian in 2016. For more information, check out our new LinkedIn page: https://www.linkedin.com/showcase/18261232/
2907. traverse-technologies : Where are the best places in the world to build a wind farm or a hydropower dam? Traverse is an AI driven professional engineering firm focused on answering these types of questions. We use AI, high performance computing and automation to speed up traditional prospecting, feasibility assessment and front end engineering work by 10x. Traverse can prospect for exceptionally high ROI project configurations across entire countries and also optimize the returns of individual projects amongst billions of potential permutations, helping our customers eliminate development risks dramatically.
2908. reality-defender : Reality Defender’s deepfake detection platform empowers enterprises to flag fraudulent users and content (audio calls, videos, images, documents). Our API and web app provides real-time risk scoring, reporting, alerts, and forensics review. Our team spent 20+ years at Google, Goldman Sachs, and the Intelligence Community at the intersection of data science and cybersecurity. Customer Use Cases: • Voice Voice Fraud (Ie. Realtime detection of AI generated voices for banks and call centers) • Onboarding KYC (Ie. Anti-fraud to identify fraudulent users and materials) • Content Moderation (Ie. Social media, e-commerce, marketplaces, dating, streaming) • Disinformation Detection (Ie. News, defense, government) Website: www.realitydefender.com Contact: ask@realitydefender.com YC AMA: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=30766050
2909. aiflow : AiFlow Powers Executive Search and Board Advisory at the Speed of AI. In today's competitive landscape, quickly delivering exceptional candidates is essential for building long term partnerships with clients. AiFlow empowers your firm to exceed expectations through the power of artificial intelligence. Our AI possesses unparalleled insights into C-level and board candidates, enabling search firms to deliver the absolute highest quality candidates at unprecedented speeds.
2910. cleanly : We started Cleanly to create an alternative to your typical laundry and dry cleaning experience. An alternative where delivery occurs at the tap of a button and happens around your schedule. Where people are friendly and knowledgeable about the way your clothes are treated. Cleanly checks one item off your to-do list: Laundry day, done. Learn more about Cleanly on our website: www.cleanly.com
2911. frontpage : FrontPage has built a community for financial market traders in India. The community has more than 1M monthly active users. Now building a new stock trading platform for India, leveraging AI advances.
2912. videonotes : VideoNot.es is the best way for online students to take notes from video lectures. By synchronizing notes with their context (videos, slides, etc.), we make them more understandable, actionable and easy to share. Finally bringing note-taking to the twenty-first century!
2913. popular-pays : Popular Pays is a platform connecting content Creators with Brands who want content to tell their stories. We’re tech-forward, with an in-house built iOS and web app (for creators) and dashboard (for brands) that delivers direct communication & powerful statistics to help you run a multiplatform campaign. To find out what we’re about, visit our website: www.popularpays.com.
2914. hedgehog : Hedgehog is a crypto robo-adviser that manages your funds in broad baskets of digital assets covering up to 85% of crypto's market cap. We already have 15k users monitoring $176m in crypto assets and over $548k in GTV on our V1 product, we have completed our exit interview with the SEC as of 4/24, and our custodial product is now live in the App Store and Google Play.
2915. openint : OpenInt helps teams ship product integrations in hours, not weeks, using no or low code. Read and write data using unified APIs or sync it straight to your database.
2916. safebeat : 38 million people suffer from heart rhythm disorders and are recommended to start medications that can save their lives, but require rigorous ECG monitoring to start and remain on these pills. SafeBeat Rx moves beyond diagnostics to guide these therapeutics, powered by our ML ECG software that integrates with existing FDA-cleared wearables to allow seamless physician approval of drug dosing, all from a mobile phone. We are a team of physicians, engineers, data scientists, and machine learning experts dedicated to using engineering to improve heart health.
2917. rejot : At ReJot, we're building a synchronization engine to modernize sharing data between backend services within larger organizations. Traditional approaches for internal data transfer such as HTTP requests and event streaming require significant effort to implement and maintain. The biggest hurdle however, is the coordination required to get teams to start the actual integration work. Our approach is based on synchronization, teams define what data their backend publishes and requires, and we'll make sure everything is reactively up-to-date. By being declarative about integrations, project management overhead as well as technical integration burdens are avoided. ReJot uses your existing infrastructure such as Postgres and Kafka.
2918. insoshi : 
2919. beau : Beau helps to work with people outside your company: build, visualize, and automate your customer-facing processes! 🔥 All with one, easy-to-use solution: collect forms, accept payments, keep updated, request details, and approve steps!
2920. cuanto : We are building the operating system to allow Latin American creators to live from the internet. We started by helping them instantly launch online to monetize their audience and sell over social media. Online creation is already mainstream in Latin America through the heavy use of social media and video streaming. We are building the platform to make online creation a viable career and social mobility option.
2921. corgea : Corgea helps companies find and fix vulnerable code quicker, and save 80% of the engineering cost & time in fixing these issues. It does this by using AI to scan and write code fixes and issues pull-requests for your engineers to approve.
2922. meta : Meta offers users a total augmented reality (AR) experience: - See, create, and interact with virtual objects and apps inserted in the real environment - Display with wearable glasses - Control with hand gestures Meta's goal is to lead the next evolution of personal computing through augmented reality, replacing desktops, laptops, tablets, and smartphones with a more natural-to-use system set entirely in a pair of glasses.
2923. next-caller : We create a positive customer experience through real time call verification technology. Fraudsters cost businesses time and money, and make life more difficult on real customers - whether that’s outright stealing cash or slowing down the phone call authentication process. Next Caller helps businesses fight criminals, not customers, by safely passing through legitimate callers and identifying suspicious interactions. Using VeriCall™, businesses have the opportunity to stop phone fraud before it starts. With our real-time RESTful API, Next Caller verifies good callers and detects spoofed calls to make your business Spoof Proof™ - flagging high-risk calls within milliseconds of the first ring. Based on this threat-level analysis of every call, a business can decide how to handle the customer or criminal on the other end of the line.
2924. viosera-therapeutics : 
2925. simmery : 
2926. hazel-2 : Hazel sells AI-powered procurement software to the 19,000+ local, state, and federal government entities which procure $2.7T a year. We use AI to write solicitations 10x faster and find 10x as many vendors, saving time and money
2927. langfuse : Traces, evals, prompt management and metrics to debug and improve your LLM application. Onboard via https://langfuse.com Langfuse helps you build and improve LLM applications across the entire lifecycle: - Develop: Observability, Langfuse UI & Prompt Management - Monitor: Traces, Analytics, Metrics & Evaluations - Test: Experiments, Releases & Datasets We are hiring: https://langfuse.com/careers
2928. automate-ads : On a mission to automate, optimize, and unify your digital advertising campaigns with incredible software.
2929. cutr : Look around you - everything you see that was made with wood a designer conceived and then a woodworker has made. Most of the time, something went painfully wrong. 60% of the $1.4T global woodworking market is serviced by small businesses with inefficient, manual processes - Cutr is digitising their workflow. This market is massive, chaotic and surprisingly manual. Woodworkers are mostly offline, hard to find and even harder to vet. They need help with critical back-of-house jobs like quoting and capacity planning. Customers have no idea where to find them and need help asking the right questions & providing the right info to get their job produced correctly. Cutr solves discovery, pricing, payments and workflow for the woodworking market. Our users simply upload a file, accept an instant quote, and get their parts delivered. To make that possible we do the heavy lifting: filechecks, automated quoting, matchmaking, creating job packages, tracking changes & updates, logistics and payments. Cutr saves time, cuts costs and ensures quality with a smooth workflow.
2930. demandsphere : DemandSphere enables ecommerce and programmatic SEO teams, both in-house and agency, to drive more traffic from organic search. Our DemandMetrics platform is our core monitoring platform that turns massive amounts of SERP and market data into prioritized insights for growth. Our SERP Intelligence data warehouse accelerates our customer's ability to detect and respond to changes in the search landscape.
2931. transformity : Transformity is empowering beer, wine & liquor stores with amazing technology. We bring enterprise-level sophistication to liquor retailers, giving them one integrated operating system for every part of their business. Our product integrates with distributors, automates manual work, and opens new sources of revenue.
2932. hunter2 : Hunter2 teaches modern appsec to engineering teams through interactive labs. Developers get hands-on practice exploiting and patching real web apps written in their tech stack.
2933. rally-uxr : Rally is a User Research CRM that makes it easy for teams to do research with their users. By automating outreach, scheduling, incentives, and participant management, Rally replaces messy spreadsheets and disjointed tooling, saving teams hours each week.
2934. scope-ar : Scope AR is the pioneer of enterprise-class augmented reality (AR) solutions, delivering AR tools for getting workers the knowledge they need, when and where they need it. Scope AR is revolutionizing the way enterprises work and collaborate with intuitive augmented reality tools that deliver the real-time knowledge sharing needed to conduct complex remote tasks, employee training, product and equipment assembly, maintenance and repair, field and customer support, and more. Remote AR Remote AR is an augmented reality telepresence tool; the expert has access to the field technician’s view through their hardware device (tablet, glasses, or smart phone) and can add or manipulate augmented content to aid the technician in completing the process efficiently and safely. WorkLink A product that we can license to our clients, which will allow you to build, deploy, and manage your own augmented reality solutions. WorkLink also provides unprecedented levels of access to information generated by work processes, both active (measurements, photos etc) and passive (date,time and geolocation etc)
2935. taxa-biotechnologies : The TAXA platform has been specifically designed to enable anyone to perform metabolic engineering of plants without stepping into a lab. We provide access to protein engineering, DNA assembly, transient experiments and stable transformation as a service. The best thing is that anything "Powered by TAXA" is designed to be free from expensive regulatory approval, meaning the products are available for sale or distribution to consumers in the United States immediately after they are developed. For a detailed list of the experiments which can be run on our platform please see the Services page. Our vision is a world where bio-engineering is as easy and commonplace as mobile application development is today. Game-changing technologies, like genetic engineering, should not be the exclusive preserve of large corporations and a wealthy elite. Democratizing the tools of creation enables anyone, anywhere, to genetically engineer plants and will unleash a wave of creativity to power an environment where ultimately what we create is limited only by our imagination. The TAXA platform is our next step in the realization of that dream We are also the team behind the first synthetic biology crowdfunding project, raising $484k on Kickstarter to make real glowing plants: www.glowingplant.com
2936. solve-intelligence : We provide an in-browser document editor that any patent attorney can start using straight away. It works just like Google Docs but, under the hood, is powered by an AI copilot to help the attorney draft, prosecute, and harvest high-quality patents efficiently. Our product can help with all stages of the patent life cycle, from drafting and filing to prosecution and opposition.
2937. stably : Stably helps product teams ship fast without breaking things. Our AI analyzes your web apps, generates comprehensive test scripts, and adapts to changes on the fly. Testing for mobile is coming soon.
2938. castled-io : Castled.io is a Customer Engagement Platform (CEP) that brings the power of data in the warehouse to the marketer. Essentially, Castled.io is similar in feature set to Braze, CustomerIO or MoEngage with a major difference - We don't store your customer data. Instead Castled sits on top of your cloud data warehouse to create segments and engage them across channels.
2939. sapling-ai : Sapling offers an API and SDK to help businesses integrate language models into their applications. Its messaging assistant sits on top of CRMs and messaging platforms to help users more efficiently compose responses.
2940. tajir : In Pakistan, stores struggle to buy inventory. Stores waste hours dealing with dozens of suppliers and wait passively for salesmen to visit their stores. Deliveries are often late, incorrect, or never arrive at all. Stores often learn prices at the point of delivery and cannot compare across different suppliers. Tajir solves this by offering a one-stop shop for all inventory purchasing with low prices, huge selection, and the convenience of 24/7 ordering with next-day delivery. Mom-and-pop stores are the arteries of Pakistan's economy. Through empowering them with world class logistics & information tools, Tajir aims to refactor and simplify Pakistan's retail economy.
2941. ditto : Manage the words across your team’s product from design to production.
2942. violet : be intentional with your time
2943. trm-labs : TRM is on a mission to build a safer financial system for billions of people. We deliver a blockchain intelligence data platform to financial institutions, crypto companies, and governments to fight cryptocurrency fraud and financial crime. We consider our business — and our profit — as a way to move towards our mission sustainably and at scale. Join our mission ➔ www.trmlabs.com/careers
2944. phonely : Phonely uses existing call recordings to create a 'AI vocal twin' that can answer customer support calls and match or outperform call center agents. On top of that we've built a Zapier like workflow that lets businesses connect to software or transfer calls just like a person would. Our platform sits on proprietary deterministic LLM that is both cheaper and more accurate than gpt-4o for call center inquiries.
2945. opzi : Opzi was a knowledge management platform, styled as a "Quora for the enterprise," that became the First Round Network.
2946. ankr-health : Adoption of Telehealth 1.0 has dropped to <5% because it's inefficient and unintelligent. Ankr uses generative AI to recreate functions of clinic staff including front desk, medical assistants and scribe. This allows Doctors to "spin-up" virtual clinics on-demand, anytime, anywhere. An average clinic using Ankr generates $1M in new revenue/year. We integrate with all top EHRs and work with all types of clinics in mid- to large-sized healthcare organizations.
2947. wildcard : Connect agents to any API in the world with LLM-native interfaces. Wildcard is a developer platform that combines powerful API integrations with intelligent tool orchestration for AI agents. Our vision is to be the bridge between AI agents and the world’s APIs.
2948. kip-health : Kip combines traditional in-person therapy with a private app so that you get the most out of every session. Meet your therapist in person and start working on your personalized care plan. Share daily thoughts, feelings, and events with your therapist on Kip's private app. Achieve measurable results with Kip's science-backed, results-driven approach. Not your average therapy service, Kip makes therapy more effective by combining in-person visits with digital support in-between.
2949. freshpaint : Our customers use Freshpaint to make their websites and entire marketing stack HIPAA compliant. It's impossible to use modern analytics and marketing tools without sharing sensitive HIPAA-regulated data. Our platform does the hard thing of moving data from A to B. And then we do the really hard thing of controlling the flow of sensitive HIPAA-regulated data to various 3rd-party marketing tools. We're building the data infrastructure that safeguards patient privacy while also enabling marketing teams promote access to healthcare.
2950. lume : The most transparent and frictionless way for healthcare professionals to find their next job and build their careers. Acquired by Vivian Health (an NYSE: IAC company) in 2022.
2951. coin : Coin is a consumer electronics and financial technology company bringing simplicity and security to payments. Through the Coin developer program, wearables makers now have a turnkey solution for integrating secure payments into their devices (e.g. fitness trackers, smartwatches, jewelry). Follow the company on Twitter @coin or learn more about the Coin developer program at http://developer.onlycoin.com. Coin 2.0 smart payment device Coin 2.0 is a secure smart device that has the form factor of a credit card, but it holds your cards in one - including your credit, debit, gift and loyalty cards. Coin 2.0 lets you swipe or tap your cards at millions of merchants across the USA. Coin 2.0 has 80%+ compatibility, partly because we use cutting-edge technology that has not yet been integrated into all point-of-sale systems. We encourage customers to carry a “backup card” given the wide variety of sales registers in the USA. While Coin 2.0 shares the same form factor as a credit card, it features enhancements such as an electronic display and a single button to allow for simple switching between different cards. With over-the-air updates, Coin 2.0 adapts to evolving payment technology, offering future-ready ubiquity in a small and powerful package. Coin's security features also keep your information safe. Auto-unlock means that only you can use your Coin 2.0 while Last Known Location helps you find your Coin 2.0 in case of loss or theft. Coin 2.0 is designed for use in the USA. To verify identify, a Social Security Number is required. Website: https://onlycoin.com Video: https://youtu.be/gJBZMUuhUrw
2952. cityfurnish : Cityfurnish is a rental subscription service for furniture and appliances in India. Today, there are 350M people renting unfurnished or semi-furnished apartments in India; Cityfurnish provides an easy, affordable and hassle-free solution. The founding team shares 25+ years of furniture retailing experience and has grown the business to 8,000+ subscribers.
2953. playreader : 
2954. owny : Owny provides businesses with a turn-key portal to issue Funds, SAFEs and Notes. Your portal is fully equipped to manage investors, treasury, multi-currency accounts and ability to send and request ACH/Wire payments globally. Optional features include seamless crypto custody and solutions through Coinbase Institutional.
2955. salt-security : Salt Security protects the APIs that form the core of every modern application. Its patented API Protection Platform is the only API security solution that combines the power of cloud-scale big data and time-tested ML/AI to detect and prevent API attacks. By correlating activities across millions of APIs and users over time, Salt delivers deep context with real-time analysis and continuous insights for API discovery, attack prevention, and shift-left practices. Deployed quickly and seamlessly integrated within existing systems, the Salt platform gives customers immediate value and protection, so they can innovate with confidence and accelerate their digital transformation initiatives. Salt pioneered API security and is the industry leader for API security with a proven record of success. You can watch a 90-second overview video of the Salt Security API Protection Platform here: https://youtu.be/Z5nzavnBJj4
2956. rickshaw : Rickshaw is a local delivery platform that partners with courier companies and delivers several goods, including laundry, gifts, office snacks, and meal subscriptions. It uses algorithms and mobile apps to dispatch, route, and track customer locations. The service is available from Monday to Friday from 7.00 a.m. to 10.00 p.m. Rickshaw was launched by Divya Bhat and Gautam Jayaraman.
2957. tegon : Tegon is an open-source issue tracking tool that simplifies issue tracking for engineering teams. It is designed to be simple to use and super functional, addressing the complexities and slow nature of current tools. Existing issue tracking tools like Jira often act as a blocker in engineers' productivity by adding more processes and manual tasks, and they do not help engineers in resolving the bug faster or get full context about a specific tasks. Tegon is using AI and integrations smartly to automate task creation and updation and help engineers in task prioritisation and better bug resolution
2958. kraftful : Helping product builders to listen to users at scale so they can make something people want.
2959. onechronos : OneChronos is a U.S. equities ATS designed bottom-up to fundamentally address the growing gap between how trading venues match orders and how traders need to execute.
2960. nova-credit : Nova Credit is a consumer-permissioned credit bureau with two products that help businesses make more fair and informed decisions on millions of ‘thin file’, no credit history, or new-to-country applicants. The Credit Passport® unlocks cross-border credit bureau data to help businesses underwrite new-to-country newcomer populations. The Cash Atlas™ provides greater insight into the cash flows of any applicant, including verifying their income with greater precision than alternatives. Businesses use these products to approve more applicants without taking on more risk, and consumers are empowered to put their best foot forward in their applications. The company’s differentiated data sources and proprietary analytics are used by leading organizations like American Express, Verizon, HSBC, SoFi, and Yardi. Nova Credit is backed by investors including Kleiner Perkins, General Catalyst, Index Ventures, and Canapi as well as executives from Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, and Citi. Learn more at www.novacredit.com or reach out to connect@novacredit.com.
2961. velt : Our mission is to make the web more collaborative. We're not just making collaboration faster—we're crafting it to be the best. Today we’re all using online platforms more than ever before - building, researching, learning, connecting etc. And we're not doing it alone. We're doing it together with other people and machines, turning the internet into the world's biggest team. Yet, the web was built for solo voyages. We saw a shift when platforms like Figma and Google Docs brought a multiplayer approach, breaking down walls and inspiring seamless teamwork. At Velt, we're taking it further. We're on a mission to infuse the magic of collaboration into the fabric of the web—one app at a time. We aim to erase the lines between online and offline co-working, crafting an environment where distance is irrelevant, and 'flow' is the norm. Right now, more than half of work hours are spent on coordination and communication—less on creating. With Velt, we're setting out to reverse these figures, reducing time spent on logistical issues by over 90%. Imagine what we can create when we spend less time talking about work and more time doing it! We're building a better web—a web for us, for our team, for everyone. Join us, and let's accelerate the future of web together 🚀 Our Products: - Velt Collaboration SDK (https://velt.dev/): JS SDK to add powerful collaboration experiences to your own product for your end-users. This helps you ship such experiences ridiculously fast, increase user growth and engagement. - Superflow (https://usesuperflow.com/): JS plugin to enable product, marketing and design teams to comment and collaborate directly on their websites. This helps them iterate and ship their products 10x faster. We’re a team of ex-Googlers. We've launched products like Augmented Reality in Google Search & Maps. Come build a better web with us 🚀
2962. spruceid : SpruceID lets users control their data across the web. Instead of people signing into platforms, we imagine platforms should sign into people’s data vaults. We implement this pattern into digital wallet ecosystems for governments, enterprises, and blockchains. We believe that architectures that enable individual autonomy in the digital world are necessary for free societies and dynamic economies to thrive.
2963. tempo : SmartSpot is a post Series-A stealth startup backed by Founders Fund and Khosla Ventures that uses computer vision to deliver an unparalleled fitness training experience to your home. Our unique hardware solution gives amazing trainers the ability to see their class participants in real time and deliver detailed advice that was previously only possible in person.
2964. instacart : Instacart is the North American leader in online grocery and one of the fastest-growing companies in e-commerce. Instacart’s same-day delivery and pickup services bring fresh groceries and everyday essentials to busy people and families across the U.S. and Canada in as fast as an hour. Since its founding in 2012, Instacart has become an essential service for millions of families, while also serving as an immediate, flexible earnings opportunity for hundreds of thousands of shoppers across North America. The company partners with more than 350 retailers and delivers from more than 25,000 stores across more than 5,500 cities in North America. Today, Instacart is accessible to more than 85% of households in the U.S. and more than 70% of households in Canada.
2965. fountain : Fountain’s all-in-one high volume hiring platform empowers the world’s leading enterprises to find the right people through smart, fast, and seamless recruiting. Candidates can apply anytime, anywhere in minutes, right from their phone. Automated and customizable processes streamline the candidate experience and save time for recruitment teams so they can scale with growing hiring needs. Advanced analytics provide end-to-end process visibility so managers can make swift, data-driven decisions. Throughout the candidate journey, the openly integrated platform enables companies to find, qualify and convert more applicants. Fountain’s global customers hire over 1.2 million workers annually in 78 countries.
2966. bolster : We are building the Amazon for construction where contractors can give their customers an interactive shopping experience, turning the estimate into a point-of-sale, for the first time. It is a marketplace for general contractors, subcontractors, retailers and consumers, powered by a database of over 114,000 real items.
2967. vizy : A cross-platform, click-to-talk collaboration tool with features like NLP-powered transcription, screen sharing, multiplayer app collaboration, voice and video channels, and file sharing.
2968. magicflow : Prompt engineers, visual artists and AI data scientists are using Magicflow to run experiments at scale and perfect their pipelines Our product is ready to use: https://console.magicflow.ai try it out! we have some preloaded examples you can try. 🤟 Talk to us about anything! We love meeting new people https://calendly.com/magicflowai/
2969. voker : Voker is a no-code platform that empowers product teams to build AI features in minutes without involving engineers. Companies like Lull.com and Dutch.com are using our platform to improve their consumer experience and retention. Alex and Tyler met at a high-growth E-Commerce startup where Tyler was running Technology & Data. Together, they built AI products that bootstrapped the company profitably to $100MM in Revenue. Alex experienced firsthand the broken developer experience in AI while building enterprise infrastructure at Yardi. Even with a dedicated ML team, it took too much time to build simple AI features. It was clear that if large companies were struggling with this, SMBs would definitely be left behind. We went directly to our network of SMB operators and found our hunch was correct. Within a week we had two paying customers even before launching our first prototype. Voker is built for product specialists who know they can delight their users with AI but can't spend engineering bandwidth on building those features. By making AI accessible and practical, Voker helps these businesses profit from this new wave of innovation.
2970. benepass : Benepass consolidates corporate benefits onto a single card, powered by our in-house fintech payments stack We help companies take care of their employees through tax-advantaged benefits (e.g. FSA/HSA, dependent care, commuter) and company-funded stipends (e.g. wellness, WFH, professional development) all on a single card + mobile app. With Benepass, HR teams can centralize all ancillary benefits and perks in the same place and make them a no-brainer for employees to use and engage with.
2971. toymail : The only kid-friendly WIFI toy messenger. Use our free app to message our toys from your phone & your child can reply right back! After securing funding from both Amazon and Verizon and getting into Y Combinator, Toymail has just launched the "Talkies"​ - a quirky new line of plush toys that let friends and family exchange messages with kids for two-way voice talk. With Toymail's Talkies kids can: • Send messages to grownup's phones with the free Toymail app • Send messages directly to other friend's Talkies. • Play for hours on or offline with our on-board voice filtering software
2972. liveflow : LiveFlow turns your Google Sheets and Excel spreadsheet into a live FP&A dashboard in minutes.
2973. seis : Today we're the easiest way for our customers to get a bank account. Tomorrow we'll be the easiest way to get a credit card, auto loan, mortgage, etc. Our mission is to treat our customers as 1st class citizens and *end dial #2 for español*
2974. clad : Clad is construction management software for telecom companies. We help telcos like Comcast or Sonic find, manage, and pay their construction subcontractors when doing things like laying fiber or building a cell tower. Telco construction is a massive, $86B per year industry that still runs on spreadsheets and phone calls. Clad's wedge product will modernize contractor management, but we're not stopping there. We'll build a data moat that will power the industry’s spend, an over $3B opportunity. Clad's ultimate goal - expand beyond internet to power all infrastructure construction, so the backbone of our world gets built faster.
2975. ai-2 : &AI is an AI-powered workspace designed for patent attorneys. Leverage agentic AI to accelerate entire prosecution & litigation workflows in one secure, collaborative workspace.
2976. zippi : 
2977. volta-labs-inc : Volta Labs is a genomics applications company that has developed a cutting-edge digital fluidics platform to maximize performance and scalability of sample preparation in genomics while providing unparalleled consistency. Volta is transforming the way biological research and analyses are performed, allowing scientists to focus on what they do best -- pushing the boundaries of biology. As a collective of scientists and builders working at the intersection of engineering and biology, we imagine a world where extracting vital information from biological samples is as simple as pressing a button. That's our vision, and we're turning it into reality. Our HQ is in Boston’s Seaport, where we develop and manufacture our technology. We believe in cross-functional collaboration and continuous learning – whether your interest is in biology, MechEng, CompEng, or simply joining a fast-growing startup striving to make the world a better place, we'd love to welcome you to our team. Check out some of our blog posts to learn more about work life at Volta.
2978. activeloop : We provide a simple API for creating, storing, versioning, and collaborating on multi-modal AI datasets of any size. With Activeloop's open-core stack, you can rapidly transform and stream data while training models at scale. Deep Lake powers foundational model training by acting as a vector database with significant benefits, such as (1) the ability to use multi-modal datasets to fine-tune your own LLM models, (2) storing both the embeddings and the original data with automatic version control, so no embedding re-computation is needed (3) truly serverless service with no vendor lock-in. How cool is that? GitHub loves us - we're one of the fastest-growing libraries there, and we're used by little-known companies like Google, Waymo, and Intel. No big deal. Our founding team hails from places like Princeton, Stanford, Google, and Tesla, and we're backed by Y Combinator & other Silicon Valley heavyweights. Activeloop is hiring, and we want you! Check out our open roles on our YC page and join the fun. 10-min demo: https://activeloop.wistia.com/medias/aibvo0dst2 Whitepaper: https://www.deeplake.ai/whitepaper
2979. kiwify : Kiwify enables anyone to create and sell their online course in Brazil. We provide payment processing, video streaming and student management
2980. enlightra : Enlightra develops mass-manufacturable fingertip-size multicolor lasers enabling ultrafast data communication and optical computing while providing up to 10x improvement in energy efficiency and cost reduction.
2981. overview : Overview is a company that takes the cutting edge in computer vision and deep learning and applies it to previously unsolvable manufacturing inspection problems. We are truly a full stack company. We install physical cameras into the facility, run inference on the edge and manage massive deployments. Overview also streams gigabytes of video/image data to the cloud for our web platform to give customers advanced insights and analytics.
2982. starlight-charging : Starlight Charging offers ultra-low-cost EV-charging to condos and apartments. Our power-balancing software enables our network of installers to install chargers without expensive infrastructure upgrades, cutting the cost by 10x compared to any other option. Through Starlight's Partner Program, electricians and small business owners can create their own charging network and generate passive income with owner-operated charging stations using Starlight battle-tested software.
2983. nuntius-therapeutics : 
2984. hotglue : hotglue is a tool that helps developers embed user-facing native SaaS integrations into their product with minimal development work, all while allowing the developers to remain in control of the data. hotglue also features a configurable Python-powered transformation layer for you to control how your product receives your customers' data.
2985. backtype : 
2986. revenuecat : RevenueCat is a mobile SDK and API for managing in-app subscriptions We take the sting out of supporting the complicated subscription systems of the App Store and Google Play Store, and help you focus on running your business.
2987. recall-ai : Recall is the universal API for meeting bots. We offer a unified API to capture data from meeting platforms like Zoom, Microsoft Teams, and Google Meet. Over 1000 companies rely on our API today to process millions of hours of meeting data. We provide stable infrastructure that typically takes engineering teams 6+ months of time to build, and help our customers get up and running in days instead of months.
2988. read-bean : Read Bean helps intermediate-advanced Chinese learners and heritage speakers improve their literacy using real-world content. The app measures your initial reading level and automatically transforms texts into bite-sized lessons at your level. It adapts to your progress, reinforcing vocabulary and tailoring content to ensure continuous improvement.
2989. terrakotta : Terrakotta is a power-dialer that lets sales reps leave AI-generated voicemails. Our first customers are Commercial Real Estate brokerages that use Terrakotta to clone their brokers voices, dial prospects and when no one answers, leave an A/B tested, personalized voicemail that gets a callback.
2990. payhippo : Payhippo provides loans to small businesses in Africa in under 3 hours. We made $42k in revenue in Nigeria in July 2021, growing 25% m/m with a 97% repayment rate.
2991. webapp-io : Webapp.io's custom hypervisor makes webapp CI/CD, E2E testing, and preview environments as simple as writing a Dockerfile. If your team is building a webapp + using github/gitlab/bitbucket, please reach out!
2992. creatoros : We build tools that allows enterprises verify information about a user *before* processing it - whether it is processed by a human or an AI agent. Traditionally, these verifications including but not limited to background checks cost ~$10. Using our advancements in AI and Cryptography, we're able to send that cost to a few cents. This enables enterprises to do verification at scale, earlier in their work-flows, and enables new kinds of businesses - which were not performing these verifications because of prohibitively high costs. For example, it makes no sense that a recruiter does a candidate's document verification and background checks AFTER the candidate has cleared all the interviews. That's because that verification is cumbersome and expensive. They can't afford to verify all the candidates at the top of the funnel. Many such workflows are ripe for disruption. Another example of a product that was not possible before. A dating app uses our tools to verify the users' information - including their employment, education and financial background. This was something that would have been too expensive to verify at a $10 pricepoint where the ARPU is only $8. Not only that, we're designing the tools ground up - so that AI agents can utilize these verifications before ingesting information, so that they take action basis truthful information. We have 3 tools 1. BlueCheck : our flagship product for background verification. The cheapest option to verify users' employment, education and financial background. A few cents instead of a few tens of dollars. Several Billion Dollar+ revenue companies are customers. A solution designed for enterprises that works out of the box! 2. Reclaim Protocol : our underlying infrastructure that makes BlueCheck possible. With advancements in cryptography, specifically zero knowledge proofs - our research over the last 3 years have resulted in inventing a new cryptographic primitive called zkTLS, which allows us to verify information from any website using the cryptography of the existing internet pipes (TLS). This is our secret sauce! 3. Questbook : our dog-fooding tool. Questbook is a tool to give out research and open source software development grants. These grants are reviewed by AI agents that we built inhouse. The biggest scam people try is to fake who they are when they are applying for grants. We dog-food our own tools to make sure we verify all the claims the users are making when they apply for grants. Our tools secure more than $10M of grants being given out on the platform. So it's high stakes, and it works!
2993. firezone : Firezone connects your workforce to the computing resources they need, wherever they are, securely. Unlike traditional VPNs, Firezone uses a least-privileged approach to access control known as Zero Trust Access. Connect your identity provider and define granular policies in minutes, then rejoice in the IT support requests you won't receive due to our lightweight, WireGuard-powered clients which work great on all platforms.
2994. beerme : BeerMe is a digital wallet for USDC. It’s like Venmo or Cash App, but we use stablecoins to make sending money instant, global, and free. A peer-to-peer electronic cash system is the crypto use-case, but the technology remains inaccessible to mainstream users. Today, after 15 years of innovation, it is finally possible to build a digital wallet that puts crypto into a billion people’s hands, without them even realizing it.
2995. topo : We are helping B2B companies reach the right leads with an AI sales agent custom trained on their knowledge. The goal is to reproduce the behavior of a sales top performers: - They know the product, the industry, the pain points, and the company's value proposition perfectly (trained on datas from your knowledge base, calls transcript, CRM...). - They will find the right leads, ready to buy, based on buying signals in the industry-specific channels (Linkedin, G2, Github...) or on the company's website visitors. That's exactly what the agent can do! Think of it as an expert SDR in your industry, ramp up in minutes.
2996. polymath-robotics : Polymath is building a general autonomy stack for cautious vehicles. Our software allows any industrial vehicle - whether it's a tractor in a field or a bulldozer in a mine, drive itself. We bundle together AI, ML, Controls, ROS, Safety and best-in-class deployment practices to enable our customers to tell automated vehicles to do via a REST API. We're on more robots than we have engineers, are seeing our revenue (and robotic fleet) grow rapidly, and are looking for folks who want to help automate the world.
2997. inkeep : Inkeep provides all the AI tools teams need to scale support: an assistant for users, a copilot for your support team, and an AI writer to identify and fix content gaps. Teams like Anthropic, Pinecone, and Postman trust Inkeep agents to help their users find what they need and get quick human support when they need it. Inkeep "just works" with your setup - ingest any source, add to any support or docs platform, or use our APIs to automate your support workflows and create custom experiences.
2998. hungry-labs : 
2999. argil : 
3000. snazzy : Snazzy is a teledentistry platform for teeth straightening. Our goal is to democratize access to affordable and accessible clear aligner treatment. We leverage teledentistry and offer the highest quality aligners at a fraction of what others charge.
3001. orchid : Orchid is an AI-powered Electronic Health Record (EHR) for independent mental health professionals that saves them time, money, and frustration by integrating core administrative workflows, streamlining clinical processes, and automating manual flows.
3002. invert : We build software to manage, analyze, and optimize bioprocessing data. Our initial customers are bio-industrial companies, who produce various products in bioreactors.
3003. skill-lync : Skill-Lync provides job leading engineering education online. We started with a special focus in Mechanical, Electrical, Electronics, Civil & Computer Science engineering and have become one of the world's leading & highest rated platforms in teaching high-end technical skills that help students get a job.
3004. renthop : RentHop (www.renthop.com) helps renters find great apartments. We use sophisticated data analysis to rank apartment listings based on their "freshness"​, their accuracy and completeness and the responsiveness of the manager who listed the apartment on our site. As a renter, you can use list-based or map-based search tools to browse listings and comprehensive search filters to narrow our 100,000+ listings to just the ones you want. It’s easy and fast to reach out to brokers and property managers to schedule viewings and to manage responses. You can also use our innovative "Appointments on Demand"​ feature, a map showing the real-time locations of brokers and property managers available to show apartments, to reach out and schedule viewings on the fly! For brokers and property managers, RentHop provides a cost-effective, easy-to-use tool to promote your listings, get qualified leads and schedule viewings. You can also post and repost listings on the go using RentHop Manager, our mobile app for brokers and property managers, currently available in the iOS App Store. (You can download the mobile app at https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/renthop-manager/id695651355.) Your commitment to give good service will make you stand out on RentHop - our algorithm will credit you for your responsiveness and help give your listings the boost they need to get seen - and rented - by qualified renters. Look for our mobile app for consumers, due out soon! And please let us know any questions, thoughts or comments you may have - we'll look forward to hearing from you! You can reach us at feedback@renthop.com. You can also find us on Facebook, Twitter (@RentHop), Google+ and Pinterest.
3005. creatorml : CreatorML builds predictive AI for video virality to help businesses scale their social media strategy.
3006. instapath-inc : 
3007. riot : Riot is a SaaS platform to easily set up a cybersecurity awareness program for teams. We're making tools to protect your employees, and therefore protecting your company.
3008. duckie : Duckie is an AI assistant that helps customer support teams resolve tickets faster! We integrate with existing customer support workflows to respond to customers directly, and answer questions that support agents may have. Does a customer need help onboarding? Duckie is there! Is your support agent looking for info on the latest changes to the product? Duckie is there! Duckie can be installed anywhere, from Slack and Discord to Zendesk and Intercom. And we integrate with both customer support and engineering knowledge bases to go beyond the documentation. By sourcing information from across your knowledge base, we can step in and help out before questions get sent into the void of escalations. If you're looking to give your customer support team a super power, come to Duckie!
3009. mdalgorithms-inc : MDalgorithms is revolutionizing dermatology by delivering convenient, effective AI-powered solutions for skin and hair care. Since pioneering machine-learning models for acne treatment in 2017, we’ve advanced to develop the world’s first AI-powered scalp analysis for hair regrowth. Our proprietary AI technology, built entirely in-house, analyzes blemishes, lesions, and hair conditions with unmatched precision, utilizing the largest global dataset of acne and scalp images. Clinically validated and tested by dermatologists, our personalized treatment kits—MDacne for acne and MDhair for hair regrowth—are customized to each individual’s unique needs, combining over 100 medical and botanical ingredients for optimal results. We empower users to track their progress, adjust treatments as needed, and access real-time support from our team of dermatologists and nurses. By doing so, we make personalized dermatological care accessible to all.
3010. titan : We're a modern wealth manager. There are many solutions out there for how one can invest by themselves (e.g., DIY brokerages like Robinhood). But for those who want to have their money managed, they must turn to high fee, high minimum advisors (e.g., RIAs like Edward Jones). With LLMs, we can now offer personalized wealth management to many more people, more cheaply and with faster service. Our goal is to grow their wealth more than they'd do on their own.
3011. uplink : UpLink's founding team worked as auditors and software engineers at PwC where they saw firsthand how difficult it was to collect thousands of documents from clients. Alex Maher and Alex Grant met working on PwC’s big data analytics platform, scaling it from 0 to 20k users globally. Brady and Nick met while studying CS at a top 5 public university, but still insist they were self-taught. They were, by far, the top developers on Alex Maher’s team before starting UpLink. Together they ran Dycom's field systems segment, supporting 15k users.
3012. provision : Provision is building the contract analysis platform for construction. Instead of manually reading through thousands of pages of documents and revisions, Provision organizes and extracts information so constructors can save time and reduce the cost of future mistakes.
3013. orgorg : OrgOrg is a suite of apps that keeps teams productive and healthy regardless of the size of your organization. Founded by the creator of Zenter (YC 07, acquired by Google and became Google Slides), OrgOrg is designed to be a natural extension of Google Workspace Apps to help run organizations collaborate better leading to higher productivity. Today the suite includes apps like: • Go links: Go links allows anyone in the org to easily name any link so team members can jump directly to the information that matters most: go/sales, go/production, go/anything-you-want. • Profiles with Personality: OrgOrg profiles are as insightful as they are delightful. They not only show you the expected org chart data, but also highlight accomplishments, how you like to work, and who you are as a person. • Goal tracking: Track, share, and collaborate on "big rock" goals on the cadence that makes sense for your team from daily to annually. • Branded New Tab: Keep the team focused the next major milestone, broadcast announcements, and keep important links top of mind every time a new browser tab is opened. • All Hands Q&A: Crowdsource questions, anonymously if desired, for large team meetings to make sure everyone's voice is heard, and the most top of mind questions are answered and recorded. • Smart Groups: Create rules based groups of people and use them to make sure the right people are in the right conversations and have the right access. For example, anyone with the title of "Software Engineer" should be in the #eng slack channel and eng@ google group. • On-call: Schedule smart rotations that take into account balancing the load and using signals from calendar schedules to make sure you don't waste time figuring out who can cover what in a fair way. Easily page the on-call from slack, API, or OrgOrg directly. • And more... All the tools you need so you can spend more time focusing on your core business, and less time focusing on the complexity that comes from running an organization.
3014. bulk-mro-industrial-supply : Bulk MRO is a Full Stack Fintech and Supply Chain Platform for Global Trade. We provide our customers and suppliers turnkey solutions for procurement, sales and financing of long-tail industrial products (MRO items) as well as high value bulk commodities like agriculture, petroleum, and chemical products. We work with hundreds of Large Corporations and Government customers across North America, Europe, India, Middle East, and Africa as a one-stop shop for millions of products from thousands of manufacturers. We are backed by the world’s best investors like Y Combinator, Bain Capital Ventures, Ace & Co., Rebright Partners, Dream Incubator, Refactor Capital, AAF, and FJ Labs.
3015. visly : Visly is building a next generation design tool initially aimed at front-end engineers. We believe that with the proliferation if component driven software design and popularity of universal design systems it is the perfect time to build a tool like Visly. We enable engineers and designers to collaborate in a single tool and create high quality components that can be directly imported into code using existing tooling developers are used to. Compared to many other design tools we know that the secret to getting this to work well is building a tool engineers will love and building trust with the engineering community. Otherwise these components will never make it into a production code base.
3016. alma : 
3017. slope : Accept and reconcile B2B payments seamlessly.
3018. picnichealth : Healthcare needs good data. At PicnicHealth, we are building deep real-world datasets fueling cutting-edge research while giving patients control of their own medical record data. These complete, clinically-rich datasets produce unique insights — across dozens of diseases — to ultimately get the right treatments into patients’ hands faster. We work directly with patients and leverage state of the art machine learning to transform messy medical records into structured, research-ready datasets. To date we’ve helped tens of thousands of patients securely access their records and proactively contribute to advancing research in diseases that impacts their lives.
3019. triplebyte : Triplebyte is LinkedIn for software engineers. We help great engineers find work at the fastest growing companies in the world, with the least amount of time and effort. We work with a wide range of companies, including Apple, Facebook, Stripe and Dropbox and a lot more of mid-sized and smaller companies.
3020. selfycart : The fastest, easiest, and most secure way to checkout in retail stores. Selfycart is working towards a world where there are no lines, and no wait, to checkout. Simply, scan, pay, and go.
3021. hivy : Hivy is a task management tool for office operations teams and helpdesk system for employees. The platform enables office managers to collect employee requests, manage projects, assign tasks and notify employees when their requests have been completed. Hivy was acquired by Managed by Q in 2017.
3022. patientbank : PatientBank helps people gather and share medical records online. The company is backed by Y Combinator, General Catalyst, Khosla Ventures, and others.
3023. hickory : We're a fast-growing Y-Combinator (S15) backed startup, based in New York. Hickory is the only training tool focused on retention, turning Sales and Customer Service staff into brand experts. The app predicts when a rep will forget what they’ve learned, and schedules review exercises tailored to their strengths and weaknesses to prevent that from happening.
3024. reschedule-med : Rescheduling for residency programs. Rescheduling is one of the largest logistics pain points in hospitals and residency programs. Reschedule provides an end-to-end work flow to manage graduate medical education scheduling.
3025. haven-2 : Haven is building AI Agents to automate property management operations. Our first Agent is automating the maintenance coordination process. This means answering the phone when tenants have a maintenance issue, diagnosing the issue, dispatching a technician, and then following up with tenants to make sure the issue is resolved.
3026. 20n : The next decade is going to see a biotech revolution fueled by three technologies: ability to read DNA (sequencing), ability to write DNA (synthesis), and computational systems that predict what DNA to read and write. With sequencing and synthesis being mainstream now [1], 20n provides the computational systems that predict DNA design for novel industrial biotech and health applications. At 20n, we are taking a fresh look at turning biological data into information. We approach it as a big data learning problem, and bring to bear techniques from machine learning, distributed systems, AI planning, program synthesis, data mining, and natural language processing. With the support of DARPA [2], we are building a team of computer scientists, and bioengineers to look at biology in fundamentally new ways. Our current customers include industrial biotech firms that are leading the charge in transitioning us from traditional unsustainable means of manufacturing to sustainable biological processes leading to advanced fuels, materials, therapeutics, and flavors and fragrances. 20n’s technology helps them enter markets previously thought inaccessible for biology. [1] Sequencing DNA costs $4k/genome (http://www.genome.gov/sequencingcosts/) and is expected to go down to $1k/genome. Synthesizing DNA is at 20cents/bp, and is expected to go down to 0.1cents/bp. [2] DARPA in the past supported work that led to the internet, stealth planes, GPS, and even Douglas Engelbart’s mother-of-all-demos.
3027. key-values : 
3028. spenny : Spenny is the Acorns for India. Every time a user make any digital transaction, we round off the amount to the nearest 10 INR and invest it for them into a diversified portfolio, automatically. 400M millennials in India don't invest because they don't have enough time, knowledge or access to large capital. With Spenny, they just connect the card and invest every time they spend. We're growing 67% WoW since launch, with 3,000+ users and $15,000 in AUM. Indians put $500Bn into their bank accounts annually. We charge 1.75% of the AUM for investments. That's a direct ~$9Bn market in India alone. Potentially every time a user makes a transaction, we make money. And in that sense, the timing for Spenny couldn't have been better: 1 Trillion+ transactions are expected in 2021 because of factors like Whatsapp launching its P2P payments in India for its 400M users. And the emergence of UPI means every Indian has a virtual bank account now. More interesting revenue models develop from the transaction data insights of our users. We analyse the rich data to A) up-sell more financial products like insurance etc., and B) create brand loyalty programs & partnerships. We acquire customers at minimal CAC by bank partnerships. We leverage the banks' existing users, by integrating with their mobile app. In turn, we invest into their mutual funds. Our long-term vision is to become a one-stop asset management solution for millennials.
3029. doorport : 
3030. koywe : We provide simple, well-documented, and fully compliant payments APIs and interfaces so that any company can instantly start leveraging crypto to offer services like remittances, USD wallets, and investments.
3031. doublezero : Doublezero is a platform that provides developers with everything they need to build, operate, and monetize autonomous agents. Developers can focus on creating tools while Doublezero handles reasoning frameworks, state management, analytics, monetization, and a runner UI. Users can interact with agents through a powerful UI that allows play, pause, rewind, and human intervention, and discover or share agents and tools through an integrated marketplace.
3032. tpaga : Through our mobile wallet, we allow consumers to receive, store, and send money through their phones. Virtually all the value propositions of a bank, in just one app.
3033. minded : We are helping CX teams reduce ticket volumes by 50-70%, by training AI Agents from the best human agents. We seamlessly connect to their CRM, help center and backoffice to train human-level agents.
3034. fanhero : 
3035. correlia-biosystems : Correlia Biosystems is a UC Berkeley spinoff company based in Berkeley, CA. Correlia develops innovative microscale tools that accelerate rapid quantification of biomolecules. Our versatile "SimpleScan" technology opens up new biological questions from one microliter of sample, with rapid results that allow for dynamic monitoring of protein expression profiles (rather than simple end-point measurement). Applications range from enabling next-gen proteomic data sets to point-of-care diagnostics.
3036. ridejoy : Ridejoy is a community-driven marketplace for sharing rides. Ridejoy making it easy to share rides with friendly people. If you're going on a trip, you can list extra seat space in your car, and if you need to get somewhere, you can find a ride, using their service.
3037. schemeflow : SchemeFlow uses AI to automate government approvals for construction projects. Two brothers + high school friend, with great combo of skills: Mayor’s Chief of Staff, Arup construction engineer + AI software engineer. Using LLMs to generate reports in minutes rather than months, and to scrape + parse complex local regulations. Already generated over 10,000 pages of technical reports for over 400 construction projects, from car parks to hotels, housing to office buildings, with 97% time savings. Started in the UK with 10x paid pilots with engineering companies such as Stantec and Royal Haskoning, now pivoted to focus on the US. $9B US opportunity (143k consultants x $64k/yr report-writing work), $23B worldwide. www.schemeflow.com
3038. ladder : Ladder is a recruiting platform for the construction trades.
3039. mito : Mito is Cursor for data science. We’re building an AI enabled IDE to 10x the productivity of data people. Data analysts use Mito to automate reports without relying on internal engineering resources. Mito is used by thousands of business analysts, data scientists, and automation engineers at some of the world's largest banks, private equity shops, and consulting firms. Open source is key to our enterprise sales strategy. Mito is open source and built on top of Jupyter. That means getting started with Mito is as simple as running `pip install` and doesn't require enterprises to manager new infrastructure. Check us out at: https://www.trymito.io/
3040. promi : Promi is an AI-powered price and discount optimization platform. We help eCommerce merchants personalize their sales to generate additional revenue and profit. Ecommerce merchants and marketers typically use discounts to drive customer acquisition, boost sales during holidays, or liquidate inventory. But deciding on a discount to offer is typically guesswork. Who to send the discount to, how much to offer, and which products it applies to are, in the most advanced cases, determined manually by looking at past sales and seeing what worked well. In the majority of cases, it's what feels and sounds good. Promi leverages store data to optimize discounts at a more granular level than possible manually. We dynamically determine the best value across each product, for different users, at different times in order to maximize sales and profit.
3041. tapzilla : TapZilla is a Y Combinator-backed company that launched October 13, 2010 and is taking the daily deal model and applying it to discounts on paid mobile apps. Through TapZilla.com and AppRebates.com, the company has given out more than 25,000 paid applications to its users and has pioneered the method of connecting developers with users by giving away paid applications for free. TapZilla has been featured by TechCrunch and Forbes. Each day, TapZilla features a paid iOS app. To get the deal, the user clicks on the â€œget App Nowâ€ button, which will then prompt TapZilla to ask for your email. Users receive an email with a link to the app in the App Store where they can purchase the app and a coupon code. Once the app is purchased and downloaded, users are prompted to enter the coupon code once inside the Appâ€™s interface. The app can also be prompted by shaking the phone. Once the code is entered, TapZilla automatically puts the app cost in the buyerâ€™s PayPal account or can issue an iTunes gift card.
3042. metaplane : Metaplane ensures everyone trusts the data that powers your business. Data teams at Bose, Ramp, and Klaviyo use our data observability platform to prevent and detect data issues — before the CEO pings them about weird revenue numbers. We do this with ML-based anomaly detection, end-to-end column-level lineage, and tools to help prevent incidents before they occur. You can monitor your entire data stack within 30 minutes. The company is backed by Khosla Ventures, Y Combinator, and the founders of Okta, HubSpot, and Vercel.
3043. mbx : MBX (formerly Memebox) is a multi-brand beauty and personal care startup headquartered in San Francisco. The venture-backed company has raised over $190M in funding from prominent investors, including Formation 8 & Group, Goodwater Capital, Johnson & Johnson, Pear VC, Y Combinator, and other Silicon Valley VCs. Memebox operates a portfolio of beauty and personal care brands that are co-developed with strategic partners like Sephora and Ulta, using data-driven insights to identify white space opportunities in the market. The company’s products are made in Korea, leveraging the latest K-beauty innovations in the formula, packaging, and speed-to-market. MBX has offices in San Francisco, Seoul, Shanghai, and Taipei, and its brands include Kaja, I Dew Care, Pony Effect, I’m Meme, and Nooni.
3044. hotplate : Hotplate is changing how people sell food across the US by giving Chefs and Bakers the tools necessary to solo launch and manage a food business online. There are talented people around the world capable of making amazing food, but either due to a lack of awareness, financial constraints, or the daunting overhead costs associated with traditional brick-and-mortar businesses, many never venture into this space independently. Hotplate is fueling a new model of food sales, allowing anyone to create a storefront, announce a sale, and coordinate local pickups with hundreds, or even thousands of customers—all within a 10-minute setup. Our aim is to make the food industry more available to everyone with the desire to enter it, consequently making food more accessible and diverse across the United States.
3045. thematic : Thematic is a Customer Feedback Analysis platform. We pull feedback from sources you already use for surveying or talking to customers. We automatically discover themes in feedback and provide visualizations and reports that help improve customer satisfaction, prioritize product roadmap and track trends in customer feedback over time.
3046. controlhub : ControlHub automates the Procurement and Accounts Payable process of mid-size companies with intuitive purchasing software and AP solutions. Key features: Purchase Requests generation, Purchasing Approvals, Purchase Orders (PO), Bill processing and payments, sync with ERPs such as Quickbooks and NetSuite.
3047. maitian-ai : Open, grab-n-go marketplace powered by computer vision. We invite partners like chained restaurants to run most of the logistics. By giving them more customers, we get a cut of each sale ;)
3048. playht : Play is a Voice AI company that specializes in building conversational voice models capable of cloning any voice or accent and generating speech in real-time.
3049. bitplay : With Meetings.io you can meet face to face with anyone from around the world within your web browser. Meet with a client, a customer, your project team or your co-workers in person without ever leaving your desk by simply creating a tiny meeting room link and sharing the link with anyone you want to meet with. You can re-use your meeting room as many times as you want and you can have people drop in and out of the your room anytime. Because there's no sign ups or user registration needed to drop into a meeting room you can use Meetings.io as an online hangout for real time in person hangouts or as a telepresence system to attend meetings remotely.
3050. moonrepo : moonrepo is a developer tool that reduces build/test/deploy times, and maintenance costs for companies. We’ve achieved this through moon, our open source build system and repository management tool. moon can be paired with moonbase, our paid service that provides cloud caching, CI insights, code ownership, and health score related metrics. The company is founded by Miles Johnson and James Pozdena who have a combined 25+ years in the software development industry with tenure at Airbnb and Coinbase.
3051. the-flex-company : The Flex Co. is the top-selling sustainable period care brand known for creating a more comfortable period for everyone. Their patented product portfolio, Flex™ Disc, FlexCup™, Softdisc® and Softcup®, which are sold online and in over 30,000 retail doors throughout the U.S. including Walmart, Target, CVS and Walgreens. Based in Venice, California, The Flex Co. is the sole manufacturer of its products, which are designed and produced in the U.S. and Canada. Led by founder & CEO Lauren Schulte Wang, our team is working to create life-changing experiences through the products we make and conversations we spark. Learn more at flexfits.com.
3052. argon-ai-inc : Argon AI is a platform where biopharma and life sciences professionals can execute complex and data driven workflows using natural language. We help professionals get thorough answers to questions about clinical trials, existing treatments, healthcare landscape, and the competitive market in minutes rather than months. Prior to starting Argon, Samy was responsible for Flatiron Health’s (Roche) first data analytics project which eventually led to the start of the Flatiron Services business unit. There, he saw first-hand the heavily manual process that biopharma companies struggle through to get the insights they need to drive forward their drug development programs. He also helped close over $6M+ in ARR and is an expert in enterprise pharma sales. Cyrus previously led engineering teams and built 0 to 1 across pre-seed and unicorn startups, managed mission-critical trade generation systems at Bridgewater, and held AI advisory roles at various startups. Cyrus has a duel degree in EE and CS from USC. Breakthroughs in AI present an opportunity to reinvent biopharma and life science workflows to reduce the time and cost of bringing treatments to patients where delays in bringing a drug to market can cost a pharma company $3M / day.
3053. axoni : Axoni is a New York-based technology firm that builds multi-party workflows and infrastructure for some of the largest financial institutions in the world. Founded in 2013, the company offers core data infrastructure, application development, and automation tools.
3054. boya : Boya Makes it easy for businesses in Africa to issue corporate expense cards instantly and great software to control and track spending. For example, if you run a pharmaceutical company, you can use Boya to instantly issue Visa cards to sales and marketing teams and get real-time visibility and control over their spending. 50M+ businesses in Africa have no easy way to streamline and track their employee spending in real-time. So we are building a corporate card and a spend management platform that enables businesses to streamline spend workflows and provide real-time reporting. We are building the first corporate card that supports mobile money, banks and card schemes payment workflows
3055. exin-therapeutics : We’re building a precision genetic therapy platform that targets neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders from a circuit-level perspective. Current approaches pursue single-gene fixes that only help small subsets of patients, leaving a multi-million patient population without effective treatment options. Gene therapy opens the door to precisely modifying brain circuits. The problem is the elevated risk in neuroscience drug discovery. To solve this, we use a pre-clinical screening platform, multiple gene therapy candidates, and ML analytics to develop gene therapies capable of controlling neural activity and addressing neurological conditions such as autism spectrum disorder, epilepsy, and Parkinson’s disease.
3056. harmonic-discovery : We are a drug discovery company developing a new generation of therapeutics that embrace the complexity of disease. Currently available approaches for creating drugs work on the principle of finding one drug-one protein 'magic bullets'. However, diseases such as cancer and autoimmunity are often the result of several dysregulated proteins across many distinct biological pathways. We are building a computational-experimental platform to design therapeutics that can target several disease-causing proteins at once. By designing multi-specific drugs, we are able to create therapeutics that are more efficacious and safer than existing medicines.
3057. ergo : Ergo lets sales teams plug in natural customer communication channels like Zoom, Gmail, and Slack to allow CRMs such as Hubspot or Salesforce to update themselves. With Ergo, Sales Directors always have the most updated view of their pipeline. No longer do businesses lose millions in pipeline bleed, or struggle with customer handoffs within internal teams.
3058. kodda : Community that accompanies you in your transformation towards a healthy and lasting lifestyle, through guided programs made by professionals who will support you every step of the way.
3059. eivod : 
3060. entelexo-biotherapeutics : Entelexo is creating modern treatments for immune-mediated diseases, such as psoriasis, using novel engineered exosome technology.
3061. ole : Ole brings fashion with delivery and return on-demand. Customers use our app to order clothes from nearby stores, try them at home while the driver is waiting, take only what they like and return to the driver what they don't. We already have $35k monthly GMV, growing 35% MoM. What’s unique about our business is our average order value which is 7X higher than typical on-demand business. While their average order is $30, ours is $200, which is why we are already positive in unit economics.
3062. pactima : Pactima is a value-centric, fast-growing, and venture-backed company that’s transforming the manner in which businesses conduct transactions in our remote world. Our flagship product, Live eSignatures<sup>TM</sup>, is a real-time solution that allows people to view and sign documents while simultaneously hosting a secured video call. This easy-to-use solution allows transactions that could only be done in-person to now be performed online.
3063. smartcuts : Smartcuts is a Chrome extension that lets you automate anything in your browser, without code. Record your clicks and keystrokes, and replay them later on similar web pages to automate repetitive work. It's like Excel macros for any website.
3064. prolific : Prolific helps dedicated research teams to collect the very highest-quality human-powered data - at scale - using our simple-to-use platform to target and manage participants from our diverse, vetted participant pool. The truth matters: the best decisions, and biggest discoveries, are built on the highest-quality data. And with the increasing proliferation of AI, access to reliable, diverse data to develop and train AI models has never been more important. Created by researchers for researchers, Prolific was founded to provide a better way for researchers and organisations to get high-quality human data and feedback at scale for important research. Now, more than 30,000 researchers across academia and industry use Prolific to gather definitive human data and feedback from reliable, engaged and fairly-treated participants – with a new study launched every 3 minutes.
3065. ledgerup : LedgerUp is your AI RevOps teammate for B2B SaaS, transforming contract-based billing from a chore into a frictionless, revenue-accelerating process. We parse contracts, issue invoices, and collect payments in real-time, all while surfacing actionable analytics—allowing your finance team to escape spreadsheet chaos and focus on strategic growth. Just close deals and let us handle your RevOps for you.
3066. plickers : Plickers lets you poll your class for free, without the need for student devices. Just give each student a card (a "paper clicker"), and use your smartphone to scan them to do instant checks-for-understanding, exit tickets, and impromptu polls. Best of all, your data is automatically saved, student-by-student, at plickers.com.
3067. educents : Educents is the trusted resource for every child’s education. It is the best place to discover new ways to make learning fun. Find innovative products and ideas created by a community of experts in education. Educents makes it easy to browse, shop, and discover innovative products that get their kids excited about learning. We also provide an incredibly tailored experience for sellers on our platform - helping small businesses gain exposure to new customers & markets, and big businesses scale their distribution even further. At the end of the day, our goal is to make education as affordable and accessible as possible. Since the launch of Educents in April, 2013, Educents has saved educators over $20 million dollars and has helped more than 500,000 teachers, homeschoolers and parents gain access to educational materials all in one place.
3068. deepnight : DeepNight is building the next generation of night vision with AI.
3069. central : Central is an automated back-office designed for founders that handles all the bullshit required to run a compliant business like payroll, benefits, government filings, etc. Unlike traditional HR platforms that require expertise and make you do the work, Central acts as a proactive teammate that just takes of everything.
3070. scispot-io : Scispot is the best tech stack for biotech. It's the first-ever toolkit that lets you tailor it to your needs – no coding required. Think of it as a super combo of ELN + LIMS + Integrations + Analytics. You can set it up using a user-friendly interface (GUI) or by entering commands (CLI). It's about making your digital biotech dreams a reality. You can design your data infrastructure, automate your workflows and integrations and make your data ready for machine learning and artificial intelligence – all on one spot. Scispot even provides pre-made blueprints for major experiments, teamwork, and data management. Request a demo to see Scispot in action here: https://calendly.com/scispot/30min
3071. dynamo-ai : End-to-end privacy, security, and compliance solutions to prepare your organization for emerging AI regulations.
3072. lucid : We are building generative simulations of the world powered by fast world models. Instead of using a physics or game engine with hard-coded rules to render each frame and decide how the environment reacts, this is done end-to-end through a neural network. Unlike text-to-video models, our world models generate frames conditioned on actions, enabling real-time interaction with any environment. Users can explore, manipulate objects, and shape their experience through natural gameplay. We trained a model to emulate Minecraft that runs smoothly on consumer hardware (1B param model runs at 25fps on an nvidia 4090 gaming gpu while other Minecraft world models run at <3fps). Our advantage in speed comes from aggressive latent compression (128x) that allows us to encode every frame into only 15 tokens while others traditionally use 256. We are now training on real-world footage and are building a general-purpose universe simulator.
3073. bayes-impact : Bayes Impact's mission is to change the world through algorithms. We solve pressing public interest problems by building technology solutions that leverage data to improve outcomes on a large scale. More information at www.bayesimpact.org
3074. true3d : True3D live streams sports in 3D to VR headsets. We’re building the foundational models to let you sit courtside at the NBA Finals from your living room.
3075. suiteness : Suiteness is the first online booking platform with access to an inventory of thousands of exclusive luxury hotel suites. Suiteness is carving a niche for itself in the international travel industry as the leading website dedicated solely to luxury suites and finding success with group travelers and families looking for a nice place to stay together.
3076. axross-pte-ltd : At Axross, we specialize in delivering AI-driven HVAC control systems designed to enhance energy efficiency and reduce operational costs for manufacturers. Our solutions are tailored to meet the stringent requirements of industries, where maintaining precise environmental conditions is critical. With a team of experts in AI, data science, and industrial systems, Axross is committed to providing reliable, scalable solutions that help manufacturers achieve their energy efficiency goals and support sustainable practices.
3077. classdojo : ClassDojo's mission is to give every kid an education they love. Our flagship communication app has become the world’s largest network serving kids, reaching over 51 million kids, families and teachers in 180 countries every month, entirely through word of mouth. They use it to share the best moments in a kid's day through pictures, videos, messages, and more. ClassDojo has recognized by Forbes, LinkedIn, Inc and Fast Company, and it is a top 100 Y Combinator company.
3078. reflex : Reflex is the open-source framework empowering Python developers to build web apps faster. Build both your frontend and backend in a single language, Python (pip install reflex), with no JavaScript or web development experience required. Build anything from internal data and AI apps to large public-facing web apps and deploy with a single command (reflex deploy). Reflex provides high-level UI components, easy deployment and AI agents to create, edit, and deploy apps 10x faster than traditional web development while also remaining extensible through custom components that can fully leverage JavaScript's expressivity. Our mission is to simplify web development by creating an ecosystem of open-source tools and hosted services that enable Python developers to build web apps faster without compromising on customizability, flexibility, or performance. https://github.com/reflex-dev/reflex
3079. autumn-labs : Autumn Labs delivers a developer-friendly platform for monitoring and managing modern manufacturing lines. Seamlessly integrating with robotic stations—automated test stations, robotic assembly cells, and industrial arms—it ensures full traceability, live data monitoring, and secure data transport. We prioritize streamlining factory operations, boosting production quality, and preventing supply chain disruptions, all while offering an effortless onboarding experience for engineers and manufacturers.
3080. securly : Cloud-based web filtering for K-12 Schools | Parental controls for families | Manage screen time. Any device, anywhere. Not only a pioneer, Securly is also one of fastest-growing EdTech companies in Silicon Valley. Maybe even the world. Our ground-breaking tech allows schools and parents to keep kids safe in what is an increasingly digital world. Our goal is not to censor the Internet, but to mitigate the negative effects it can have on children. To us, a safer world for kids is a goal worth having. Our cloud-based web filter keeps students safe, parents in the loop, and school costs down. On top of this, we are paving the way with an AI that alerts parents and counselors to instances of cyberbullying or even self-harm. Our tech can literally save lives. Pretty cool, right? Not many tech companies can say that. From the coders to the engineers to the interns, everyone at Securly is motivated to make the Internet safer for millions of kids and, as a result, make them better digital citizens. That said, we’re always on the lookout for like-minded people to help us expand our ranks. Securly was founded by two network security veterans with a combined 20+ years of security experience. We proudly serve over 1000 school districts and more than 2M students and staff throughout the world.
3081. trinket : Trinket is the easiest way to make your class website interactive. Trinket's powerful open teaching platform lets teachers create, prepare, and teach their courses all in one place. Everything on Trinket is open licensed, so teachers can create the best course materials by finding and sharing their work for lesson plans/curriculum with others teaching the same thing.
3082. asha-health : Asha Health enables medical practices to launch their own AI clinic, designed to fill crucial care gaps that their brick & mortar clinics are too overburdened to address — all while generating additional revenue on autopilot.
3083. teachboost : TeachBoost is an evaluation and feedback platform designed to engage teachers and administrators in an ongoing, evolving dialogue that fosters the development of effective educators and improved student outcomes. We create opportunities for meaningful interactions among teachers and administrators through our collaborative portal, and we work in partnership with educators to develop a safe space for teachers to collaborate with, and learn from, their peers, encouraging a culture of shared responsibility and collective success. Our goal is to encourage breakthrough professional learning moments that result in successful, sustainable improvements in teaching and learning.
3084. webflow : Webflow is the leading no-code visual web development platform. It seamlessly generates sophisticated code so anyone can build powerful web-based businesses and adapt to changes without developers or months of building. From entrepreneurs and creative agencies to Fortune 500 companies, Webflow makes the internet a more inclusive place by making the tools to build on it more accessible to more people, fueling business growth. Webflow powers websites for innovators like Discord, Monday.com, IDEO, Orange Theory Fitness, TED, and Dropbox. Webflow is backed by Y Combinator, Accel, CapitalG, Silversmith, and other awesome investors.
3085. zeroentropy : We are on a mission to build the world’s most accurate search engine over complex and unstructured documents. Most AI products - whether Q&A bots or AI agents - depend on retrieval systems to provide relevant context from knowledge bases. Yet, the vast majority of these systems rely on basic semantic or hybrid search methods, which still frequently fail. These mistakes lead to inaccurate responses and hallucinations by LLMs, frustrating developers and end users alike. That is why we’re building ZeroEntropy: to add intelligence to retrieval and empower developers to create AI products that are more reliable and accurate.
3086. together-software : Targeting companies with 500+ employees, Together helps Learning and Development teams run a best-practice mentoring program for employees. It captures everyone's areas for development and goals, matches them with the most relevant mentor within their company, and guides and tracks relationships. Integrating with Outlook, Gsuite and other enterprise tools, it is designed for the professional user.
3087. bucket-robotics : 250M lbs of plastic is wasted annually in US manufacturing. Bucket Robotics is making defect detection faster and easier to deploy to prevent that. Our products are designed to be easy to integrate into existing automation and technology stacks, flexible enough to bring retooling costs down, and reliable enough to make you forget that it's a robot. Matt and Steph are leveraging their experience from the self-driving industry, where we've integrated high-performance computing and quality sensing into complex, noise-filled environments. We focus on robust hardware and user-friendly software for a new generation of end-users, ensuring ease of use and rapid deployment. Secure and efficient handling of user data can make customers in the manufacturing space nervous to invest in sensing — our team's extensive experience handling self-driving car data in these regulated environments positions us uniquely to tackle these challenges. Companies like Keyence, National Instruments, and FLIR offer either outdated hardware or prohibitively expensive systems, along with software that hasn’t evolved to meet modern user needs. US manufacturing is undergoing a significant transformation, with construction spending hitting a record annualized pace of over $200 billion. The need for a more reliable supply chain has seen over $700 billion in manufacturing megaprojects across North America since 2021, and this growth requires heavy automation. Bucket Robotics is at the forefront of this shift, offering a scalable, cost-effective solution that enhances automation and positions manufacturers closer to their end customers.
3088. autarc : With autarc we are building the OS for Europe's One-Stop Energy Installers. We are live with 400 customers and an ARR of $1.4 million. The problem: Energy installers are eager to expand their deployment of heat pump and photovoltaic systems, yet they are constrained by inefficient sales, planning, and installation processes. The solution: Our B2B software integrates CRM, planning, and design tools into a unified platform. This enables SMB installers to drastically cut down the pre-installation phase of home energy projects—from several weeks to just minutes. By leveraging LiDAR for spatial analysis, computer vision for automated assessment, and AI for system recommendations, we streamline the entire workflow. This results in a time reduction of up to 90%, enabling installers to confidently transition to and scale up sustainable home energy solutions.
3089. sweep : Sweep is the best enterprise AI coding assistant for JetBrains. No data ever leaves your VPC.
3090. prodigal : Prodigal is a pioneer of Consumer Finance Intelligence, a new category of AI software that derives actionable insights from customer and patient interactions. Lenders and healthcare providers rely on Prodigal to boost profits, customer experience, and compliance by optimizing operations and quality assurance in their loan servicing and collection contact centers. Prodigal’s global team, whose backgrounds intersect at financial services and data science, is headquartered in Mountain View, California. Backed by technical and industry experts, Prodigal’s mission is to build the intelligence layer that powers Consumer Finance, becoming the next iconic vertical SaaS company. Nearly one in five U.S. borrowers have already engaged with Prodigal over more than 200 million interactions.
3091. theya : Theya is the world’s simplest Bitcoin self-custody app for users who find crypto exchanges risky and hardware wallets overwhelming. We are making the self-custody UX seamless with our multi-sig wallet that users can set up using smartphones, giving them the functionality and convenience of centralized exchanges without sacrificing control and security of hardware wallets. We aim to be the default consumer app for Bitcoin - offering products like accumulation, lending, investments and payments - all built on top of our intuitive self-custody platform.
3092. brave-care : Brave Care is a group of kid-only primary & urgent care clinics that create a comfortable environment for little ones and reduce the stress and cost of emergency medicine for parents. We are 1/10th the cost of an ER trip and most often a visit can be completed in 1/4th the time. Common treatments: Pinkeye / Allergies / Tummy Bugs / Stitches / Broken Bones / Head Bumps / Sore Throats / Coughs / Fevers. Our digital services leverage our in-clinic medical professionals to reach across the country.
3093. learningjar : LearningJar helps you stay up-to-date on skills for the evolving professional lives. Our proprietary algorithm surfaces the hottest skills to learn, crowd sources the best resources and allows people to prove mastery of skills. At the end, you gain credibility for your skills, have a community for informal learning and a central repository to share with employers.
3094. sendbird : At Sendbird, we are building the AI workforce of tomorrow. Our product is the world's most useful omnichannel AI agent platform for delightful customer service. We power over 300M+ people's conversations every month and we are working with the leading customers such as DoorDash, Match Group, Yahoo!, PayPal, Walgreens, and have raised $220M+ in total funding from ICONIQ, Tiger Global, Meritech, Emergence, SoftBank Vision Fund, Steadfast, Shasta, and August.
3095. validere : Validere is a measurement, reporting, and verification (MRV) SaaS company that helps energy organizations transform disconnected, incomplete data into clear and immediately actionable pathways to financial and environmental value. Over 50 of North America's leading energy companies rely on Validere's technology and multidisciplinary experts to understand their physical and environmental commodities and navigate an increasingly complex environment with clarity and ease. Validere is on a mission to better human prosperity by making the energy supply chain efficient and sustainable. The company has offices in Houston, Calgary, and Toronto.
3096. kinside : Kinside powers bookings and payments for the $648B care economy. We’ve started with child care, a $136B category that despite being an essential and evergreen service, remains an undigitized space, driven mostly by cash.
3097. clustrix : Clustrix provides the leading scale-out relational database engineered for the cloud or data center. ClustrixDB is a drop-in replacement for MySQL and an ideal solution for high-transaction, high-value workloads typically found in businesses such as ad tech, e-commerce, gaming, and large web and mobile businesses. Our customers use ClustrixDB for critical business applications that support massive transactional volume. ClustrixDB delivers more than twenty-five trillion transactions per month for customers including AOL, Nielsen, Match, MakeMyTrip, Photobox, Rakuten, and Symantec. Headquartered in San Francisco, Clustrix is funded by HighBar Partners, Sequoia Capital, U.S. Venture Partners, ATA Ventures, and Y Combinator. ClustrixDB is available in software that runs on commodity hardware and on any cloud. Visit www.clustrix.com to learn more. Follow @Clustrix on Twitter and "like"​ us on Facebook! #BetterSQL
3098. inversion-space : 
3099. opencall-ai : Opencall lets businesses answer the phone automatically. Our AIs answer questions, book appointments, and integrate with existing software. Businesses can get started with Opencall in less than an hour, no code or flowcharts required.
3100. plivo : Plivo is a cloud based API platform that enables businesses to easily build and integrate voice and SMS capabilities into their applications and workflows. Plivo provides connectivity across 190+ countries and has direct relationships with over 1600 carrier networks globally. Whether you're looking to add voice and SMS capabilities to your website, mobile app, or business workflow, Plivo has the tools and resources you need to get started.
3101. apero-health : We help healthcare companies run their practices. Eligibility, BI, claims, patient payments? Shoot us an email at founders@aperohealth.com Apero is a Y-Combinator-backed startup based in San Francisco bringing transparency and ease to medical billing. As one of the top startups from the Summer 2019 Y Combinator batch, we have raised from well-known investors including the creator of Gmail Paul Buchheit and the founders of Doctor on Demand, Gusto and Reddit, and serve startups that have raised over $1B in Venture Capital. The founding team are Stanford CS and Berkeley grads and include the CTO of Doctor on Demand having helped raised $240m and process millions of video calls. We are also hiring for engineers and product-minded operations people interested in giving price transparency to patients and providers. We serve practices nationwide, and integrate with leading EHRs as well.
3102. livedocs : Livedocs is a no-code analytics tool for modern teams. We are building a document editor that helps non-technical operators build reports with live data from tools like Stripe, Google Analytics, Segment without writing code.
3103. modern-treasury : Modern Treasury offers tools that automate the full cycle of money movement—from payment initiation, through approvals, to reconciliation—and are accessible through web application or API.
3104. isabl : Isabl has developed software that can analyze the entire genome of cancer patients. Today, when people get cancer, they get a genetic test of their tumor that analyzes only a few possible mutations. With Isabl, you run the tumor through an Illumina sequencer and get the whole genome, then our software is able to analyze all the mutations. Our breakthrough technology provides unprecedented clarity into tumor biology to aid treatment planning. This opens up opportunities for precision diagnostics, disease surveillance and biomarker discovery.
3105. socialpicks : SocialPicks
3106. spice-data : 
3107. choppy : Keto friendly, flexitarian entrees made from plant protein combined with pure beef fat, collagen, and broth. Full of authentic flavor and ready in four minutes, Choppy! is better for you AND the planet. The company was founded by Stanford mechanical engineers Saba Fazeli and Brice Klein: -Saba was the first R&D engineer at Beyond Meat where he developed and scaled all of their textured proteins. -Brice was the fourth engineer at vertical farming company Plenty where he led the commissioning of their new, multi-million dollar farm.
3108. pop-meals : Pop is building Asia’s leading food brands through a network of cloud kitchens and tech-enabled QSR outlets. Funded with over $28m by Y Combinator and leading tech investors from Silicon Valley, Europe and Asia, we are expanding rapidly across Asia.
3109. mindee : Documents are everywhere. Through all industries, understanding their content is a critical step of many processes that software builders throughout the globe want to automate. We focus on the science, the AI, the deep learning to give these builders the one API they need to automate the understanding of documents and give their software human-like superpowers. Based on three pillars: - A product: a universal self-service platform where builders can train their own models - A catalog of use-cases: We push critical use cases to the limits of human performances in critical markets such as Accounting software, AP Automation, Expense Management, KYC and many others - A internal capability to make tailor-made AI: We answer to specific needs from large customers that needs a custom AI of their own to handle their use cases
3110. lezzoo : 
3111. demodesk : Demodesk provides AI-powered sales meeting software that summarizes your calls, automates CRM management, and delivers personalized, actionable sales coaching.
3112. ziina : Ziina is bringing the next generation of financial services to the Middle East.
3113. nourish : Nourish is solving America's healthcare crisis by helping people eat better. We connect chronic condition patients with a Registered Dietitian via telehealth and get it covered by their health insurance.
3114. standard-cyborg : We are multiplying the potential of the real world by making computer vision accessible to all. We create the cloud and edge tools that developers and non-developers require in order to build, deploy, and improve CV solutions quickly. standardcyborg.com (YC W15)
3115. wasmer : We are working on the software that will power the next generation of Cloud Computing (Edge Computing) platforms using WebAssembly. You can see us as a mix between Docker (but 100x more performant in startup time, and with 100x more lightweight containers), npm (we released the first WebAssembly package manager: wapm.io) and the JVM (but more universal).
3116. savvy-2 : Savvy is a health benefits product offering employees payment cards to buy their own health insurance. One of the first to market after new regulation, Savvy scaled to $10s of millions in volume and expanded into all 50 state health insurance markets. Savvy was backed by Y Combinator, Marc Andreessen, and the founders of One Medical and Indeed. In 2022, the company was acquired by Take Command, the leading incumbent in the health insurance HRA space.
3117. kastle : Kastle is an AI voice agent for mortgage servicing. We help servicers collect payments, verify new borrowers, and qualify new loan inquiries over the phone. Rishi and Nitish met at UIUC where they graduated with degrees in systems engineering and computer science. Rishi was the founding Product Manager for Redfin’s Mortgage Marketplace at 22 and grew the business from $3M to $6M in revenue in 9 months. Nitish patented Verkada’s motion search system and was the youngest tech lead at the company at 23. While building Redfin's Mortgage Marketplace Rishi realized traditional lenders didn't have the infrastructure to service online inquiries and were losing customers. Nitish and Rishi are building Kastle to help traditional financial services companies better interface with their customers.
3118. speak : 
3119. ticket-stumbler : TicketStumbler is a secondary ticket market search engine and comparison website. They search through thousands of ticket listings from hundreds of brokers and ticket exchanges across the internet and present the information in an organizable format. TicketStumbler allows simple ticket comparison, enabling you to find the best seats at the best prices.
3120. ply-health : Ply helps behavioral health providers (e.g. therapists, social workers, psychiatrists) see more patients by getting them in network with insurance companies like Aetna or Medicaid. Ply submits enrollments 2x faster using automation and AI enabled data validation.
3121. bouncer : 
3122. snipshot : Snipshot is a photo editor that lets you start editing any photo with one click of a bookmarklet. You can use Snipshot to crop, resize, adjust colors, an automatically enhance you photos within your browser and then save it back to the web. There are a couple other photo editors in this category and Photoshop plans to get in as well.
3123. pardes-bio : We make oral drugs to treat and prevent viral infections - like COVID-19.
3124. dr-treat : Dr. Treat is a tech enabled modern veterinary care company offering virtual and in-clinic services to pet parents. We are building the largest pet health company powered by technology and driven by data to offer highly personalized & preventative care for every pet.
3125. hestus-inc : Hestus is AI-powered CAD software that speeds up hardware development. While engineers are typically quick at coming up with initial design concepts, they are bogged down getting from idea to the final design due to countless tedious and repetitive tasks. We are building CAD software that automates these mundane tasks and speeds up the design execution process, while letting engineers spend more time on the creative part of the design process.
3126. middleware : Middleware is a full-stack cloud observability platform. We allow the dev and ops teams to debug the issue faster by bringing all the metrics, logs, traces, and events to a single unified timeline and train data to AI so it can give better insight into infrastructure and application. - Single command installation to collect all the metrics, logs, traces, and events. - AI-based anomaly and error detection - GPT 4-based error resolution - Support Infrastructure monitoring, Logs, APM, Kubernetes Monitoring, Synthetic Monitoring, RUM, Custom dashboard, and Alerts. - Full-stack observability, observe any stack at any scale. We are at Middleware and wanted to make cloud observability faster, cheaper, and better.
3127. nasdisc : Nasdisc is a marketplace for the $4B worth of records purchased every year. The vinyl market has seen exponential growth in the past decade - the first 6 months of this year has already seen an increase of 108% in sales. Our platform takes a 12% cut, making this a $400mm opportunity that is more than doubling every year. Pressing plants are backed up years out, bots buy limited releases in seconds, and record prices are skyrocketing in both retail and aftermarket sales. Despite this growth, the only dedicated marketplace is difficult to use, doesn’t process transactions, yet facilitates over $600mm in vinyl exchanges per year. This is why I finally decided to quit my job at Google and recruit my best friends from college to fix it. We’re all software engineers and have been passionate about music and vinyl since we were kids, and have $50k in records ourselves. We started building a marketplace in July and launched our website 4 weeks ago. We now have $1k / week in sales, and $50k in listings.
3128. rides : Rides is a car community platform built for and by enthusiasts. We want to give people a purpose built way to connect with other people that share their love of cars & motorcycles and creates showcases that give every vehicle a page that let's its design, performance, modifications & story take center stage. A social network where the cars shine and the community connects exactly how we do offline and on the road... around a shared passion.
3129. california-dreamin : We're disrupting the $210B Alcoholic Beverage industry with all natural cannabis drinks.
3130. flex : Flex is a payment platform for businesses to accept HSA/FSA, unlocking the $150B per year sitting in HSA/FSA accounts.
3131. craftos : CraftOS is how wineries track and sell their wine. 83% of wine production in the US comes from small batch wineries, we provide inventory tracking and POS tools for them.
3132. finantier : Finantier is Plaid for Southeast Asia, providing the infrastructure and data products required by businesses to build the next generation of financial services.
3133. heroic-labs : At Heroic Labs, we proudly present our comprehensive suite of products, meticulously designed to address the multifaceted demands of the contemporary gaming industry. Our cornerstone offerings—Nakama, Hiro, Satori, and Heroic Cloud—comprise the Heroic Game Stack, an integrated platform delivering unparalleled performance and flexibility. Heroic Labs is a company by a team of engineers with backgrounds in distributed databases, big data analytics and high-volume mobile application APIs, and game development. We want to make it effortless for any game studio to build beautiful social and multiplayer games which work at massive scale.
3134. innkeeper : Automatic Dynamic Pricing, AI front desk, optimized direct booking site, customer management + analytics, and back office automations the modern tech stack for hotels
3135. solosuit : SoloSuit helps people resolve debt collection lawsuits with court documents and a settlement service. We're targeting the $3.5B untapped consumer litigation market.
3136. polyops : Tydo’s Customer Intelligence Platform is a complete data warehouse built for AI powered customer insights. No engineer required.
3137. layerup : Layerup's mission is to boost innovation in industries that lack it, starting by bringing AI securely to enterprises.
3138. algosurg-inc : AlgoSurg makes AI software solutions, for various next-generation surgical applications ranging from Robotics-surgeries, AR-based-navigation/training, cloud-based 3D surgery planning and automatic patient-specific instrument/implant design.
3139. demeanor-co : 
3140. humanlayer : HumanLayer is an API that enables AI applications to contact humans for help, feedback, and approvals. One customer uses HumanLayer to ship DevOps agents that manage complex and risky workflows like production deployments and database migrations. We’re building HumanLayer because we know that the future of AI Applications is not gonna be humans sitting at a chat interface, the future is “outer loop” or “headless” agents, and our partners are building AI apps that invert the typical interaction paradigm. Autonomous agents are calling humans, not the other way around. AI Agents are poised to disrupt the $4.6tn global labor market, but in order to make agents reliable today, and train them to be fully autonomous tomorrow, solutions like HumanLayer are an inevitable part of the AI Agent stack.
3141. index-1 : Index is the new product planning and discovery tool for Product Managers, built specifically for Linear. Collect ideas, manage feedback, and build product plans.
3142. gimo : We are building a new financial platform that helps underbanked workers get paid as they earn it, anytime, anywhere. By partnering up with corporate employers, GIMO is providing a mobile financial application as a benefit to their employees, aiming at changing the way the employees earn, spend, save and invest.
3143. cherry : Cherry lets employees choose their own workplace perks. With Cherry, employers cover their employees' favorite consumer services (ex: Netflix, Spotify, ClassPass, Lyft), instead of wasting money on perks that no one uses like in-office yoga and ping pong tables.
3144. kombo : Kombo makes it easy for software companies to offer integrations with HR software. For example, a recruiting company could use our unified API to integrate with the dozens of recruiting systems used by different customers all at once instead of building an integration to each of them.
3145. compound-writing : Community-powered writing workflow driven by some of the internet's best writers, editors, and experts.
3146. heroic-story : We're building the world's first true Author OS - an intelligent engine that will transform how stories are created, shared, and loved. Our mission is to give storytellers superpowers, removing every barrier between imagination and reality through AI. Founded by brothers who've pushed creative boundaries across VR gaming, Twitch streaming, and Hollywood, we combine deep technical expertise with an innate understanding of what makes stories work. Our CEO, a former world-class poker player, brings the same strategic depth and calculated boldness that won millions to our mission of empowering creators. We're a team of rebellious optimists who believe we're standing at the threshold of storytelling's next great evolution. The printing press gave stories reach. We're giving them wings.
3147. decoda-health : Decoda Health centralizes communications between healthcare clinics and patients along with a comprehensive payments platform. Our platform makes it easy for patients to communicate with their healthcare providers and pay for services all in one place.
3148. voiq : We provide businesses the opportunity to leverage AI conversational VoiceBots for Sales & Marketing.
3149. cero : At Cero, we solve specific coordination tasks between hospitals and patients, such as appointment confirmations and last minute cancellations, by automatically communicating with patients over WhatsApp. For example, a patient can confirm and reschedule their appointment without needing to call anyone. Almost half of the medical appointments in Latin America are missed because patients simply do not show up. This ranges from missing a regular dentist check to missing an expensive MRI scan. With increasing pressure to improve access to care in developing countries, optimizing communication and coordination with patients is a key task to achieve. This is a massive problem especially in places where most people don't know how to effectively use self-service mediums (or are too busy to use them). We bootstrapped the company and we are profitable. As of August 2021 we have $97K in monthly revenue from 15 clients with a CMRG of 20% in the last year. We have 100% logo retention and we grow with our clients. We are currently coordinating over 600,000 medical appointments every month, just in Chile. This problem represents a $3.5B market opportunity in Latin America only. Latin America has 650M people, each one having an average of 3 medical consultations per year. We charge for every time we effectively communicate with a patient. We plan to handle several coordination interactions with every patient for each consultation, which considers a roadmap of scheduling, confirming, booking, reimbursements, payments, among others. We are a team mixing strong knowledge about the healthcare industry with deep technical skills. Felipe (CEO) is a former dentist that has led deep changes in healthcare payments in Chile. Mauricio (CTO) and Jorge (R&D), both PhD in Computer Science, led the creation of the most advanced Spanish Language Neural Network used daily by scientists and practitioners in LatAm (BETO: Spanish BERT). In a weekend project, Mauricio and Jorge automated the communication with students attending a summer school obtaining impressive engagement. Felipe was struggling with contacting his patients to coordinate appointments, and saw a big opportunity in this technology. The three together have designed and run a solution that as of 2021 is coordinating over 600,000 patients per month in their home country, Chile.
3150. zapier : Founded in 2011, Zapier is the #1 workflow automation platform for small and mid-sized businesses. By connecting more than 6,000 of the most popular work apps, Zapier empowers its users to make the most of the tools they already use—and to focus on what matters most.
3151. caire-health : We believe that no emergency should have to wait. To make this a reality we build AI that instantly reads medical scans and enables critical care teams to make diagnoses better than radiologists. This saves lives by getting emergencies to treatment immediately and by discharging non-emergent patients quickly so the next emergency doesn’t have to wait either.
3152. hive-health : 
3153. blueberry-pediatrics : Blueberry Medical provides concierge pediatric care with at-home medical diagnostics and an always-available team of Pediatricians. Blueberry handles twice as may illnesses as any other telemedicine provider and has proven to reduce ER costs by 50%.
3154. pretty-instant : Pretty Instant was a Y Combinator-backed marketplace for professional photography and videography in the U.S., active from 2012 to 2020. Acquired by Snappr in 2021, the company served over 2,000 brands and non-profits, handling logistics, staffing, editing, and delivery. It became a go-to solution for companies seeking streamlined visual content creation. Services included photography and videography for Events, Portraits, Real Estate, Product, Food, and more. Photographers were thoroughly vetted 1099 contractors, ensuring quality and reliability. Pretty Instant aimed to simplify hiring processes for businesses needing professional visual content.
3155. trata : Trata is a crowdsourced database of stock analysis, written by anonymous hedge fund analysts. We compress the “first cut” of research from 3 hours to 3 minutes with 1-2 page notes.
3156. parse : Parse offers cloud-based software developer kits that enable users to create apps for desktop, mobile, and embedded devices. Its product portfolio is comprised of Parse Core to save data in the cloud; make the app social; run custom app code in the Parse Cloud; schedule recurring tasks such as sending engagement emails, updating data, and long running computation; share data between platforms; and get a local datastore and Parse dashboard. The company also provides Parse Push for creating, scheduling, and segmenting push notifications; and Parse Analytics to find and fix crashes, measure app usage, optimize push campaigns, track custom analytics, and measure growth analytics. Parse is based in San Francisco, California. Currently, it operates as a subsidiary of Facebook.
3157. level-frames : Level Frames is making it more convenient, affordable and intuitive to custom frame posters, prints, photos and more. By bringing the entire experience online and offering amazing support, we can help make your walls in your home or office look amazing at a fraction of the price and turnaround time of a traditional frame shop. Level was founded in 2014 and is based in New York, United States.
3158. triomics : Triomics is helping cancer care providers by reducing the burden associated with manually reviewing patient charts. Utilizing our OncoLLM™—a family of oncology-focused language models—we are able to accelerate clinical trial enrollment, power quality improvement projects, and address many other key strategic priorities.
3159. flightcontrol : The most reliable, powerful, and flexible PaaS, because we deploy to your AWS. No black box, lock-in, or AWS markups.
3160. hipmob : Hipmob brings easy to use live chat, helpdesk, feedback and customer engagement tools to mobile and tablet businesses. Whether you're a mobile-native startup, a small business going mobile, or a large public company with a growing mobile business, we give you the tools to increase sales, transform customer support, and make your customers happy. With real time contextual information about your customers including device, app, OS, geographic info and more, you'll be able to make take actions that improve your bottomline. Our partnerships and integrations (see more at www.hipmob.com/documentation) mean that we'll fit right into your team's habits. AND, we're insanely responsive to customer feedback - email us with questions at ayo@hipmob.com!
3161. aurelian : Aurelian automates non-emergency calls for 911 centers. Our AI-powered operator instantly routes, triages, and resolves calls so citizens get exactly what they need and 911 dispatchers get to focus on emergencies. Upwards of 80% of total call volume faced by public safety agencies are administrative calls e.g., citizens trying to pay parking tickets or reporting a power outage. Aurelian lessens this burden and lets 9-1-1 dispatchers deal with actual emergencies. To date, Aurelian has automated hundreds of thousands of calls and sent over 10,000 emergent calls (that typically would've sat on hold) to the 911 line to be handled immediately.
3162. broccoli-ai : At Broccoli AI, we help plumbing, HVAC, and electrical businesses work more efficiently with AI assistants. Our AI handles customer calls, books jobs, and integrates with tools like ServiceTitan.
3163. dill : Dill is a digital payments & workflow automation tool for contractors & construction suppliers
3164. opslane : Opslane speeds up incident resolution by automating work that is performed by short staffed SRE teams. We do this by stitching together relevant context (logs, metrics, traces, code changes and runbooks) to help on-call engineers figure out what's going on.
3165. capi-money : Capi Money helps businesses in Africa pay their international suppliers. Goods importers in Africa pay up to 10% to settle invoices and wait weeks for payments to arrive. We’re on a mission to give businesses in Africa the same price and speed as we expect in the US and Europe.
3166. vanta : ABOUT VANTA Vanta (YC W18) is the leading automated compliance and trust management platform designed to simplify and centralize compliance and security workflows for organizations of all sizes. WHY YC STARTUPS NEED VANTA As a YC company, proving your security compliance is crucial for selling to security-conscious buyers and entering new markets. We would know, we’ve been there—and we’ve helped over 8,000 customers do just that! Vanta's out-of-the-box solution, combined with expert service partners, helps you quickly and painlessly achieve and maintain compliance with top compliance frameworks—allowing you to focus on building great products. Learn more at https://vanta.com. YC-ONLY OFFER 25% Off Offer for YC Companies and Access to Partner Network: YC companies receive a 25% discount on the Vanta platform. Leverage Vanta’s automation alongside our trusted partner network to customize your compliance program. Quick Start for start-ups: Get SOC 2 ready in as little as 4 weeks with help from a trusted service partner. Guided by a virtual CISO and a dedicated compliance team, you'll be onboarded and fully supported in getting audit-ready quickly and easily—perfect for fast-moving founders. WHY VANTA? Built for startups: Vanta knows startups. We went through YC in 2018 and have since helped thousands of startups, including YC companies Supabase (YC S20), Bend (YC S22), and Newfront (YC W18) achieve and maintain compliance quickly. Startups like Charityvest (YC S20), BreachRX, and Flo Health have gone from zero to SOC 2 Type I or ISO 27001 certification in 10 days or less with Vanta. Future-proof, feature-rich, automated platform: Vanta’s modular platform evolves with your needs, including: * 30 frameworks spanning security, privacy, industry, geographic, and custom frameworks * 350+ integrations that automate evidence collection for these frameworks * 1,000 automated, hourly tests to ensure real, continuous security—not just at audit time, but all the time * Pre-built policy templates, lightweight agent for security checks, background checks, cyber insurance, cookie consent management, auditor portal, user access reviews, security awareness training, risk assessments, vendor security reviews, managing vulnerabilities, and more Tailored support for early-stage companies: Vanta offers internal, no-cost Customer Success and GRC (compliance) experts, robust technical support, detailed documentation, and a 24/7 chatbot for frequently asked questions. (Optional) Purchase Vanta with auditors experienced in your framework and the Vanta platform, or choose from a range of MSP/consulting partners for additional services like penetration tests and virtual CISO support (some at no cost). We don’t force vendor lock-in. Transparent pricing and promises: Vanta strives to do what it says on the tin: we believe in setting and meeting customer expectations. We offer flexible contracts, fair and transparent pricing, and publish our support metrics. We prefer to focus on helping customers succeed and let them explain why they chose us over others—check out our G2 reviews and customer case studies! Proven market leader and well-funded: Vanta was founded in 2018 and has raised $350M with over 500 employees. We’ve guided over 8,000 customers through their first or multiple audit cycles for various frameworks. These customer learnings and our funding help drive a fast pace of product development to delight customers and ensure Vanta will be there for you in the future. Interested in seeing why Upflow (YC W20), Tailor (YC S22), and hundreds of other YC companies trust Vanta to expedite their compliance? Email yc@vanta.com to learn more!
3167. positional : Start, grow, and scale your inbound marketing and SEO strategy with a toolset optimized for results — not vanity metrics. Our goal is to connect the workflow from end to end, from keyword research to analytics, and the actions that users take that ultimately drive revenue for a business.
3168. rume : Video chat today is built for meetings but you wouldn't have your birthday party around a conference table. Rume re-creates the social dynamic of an in person event where you are easily able to have smaller conversations and fluidly move between groups when you see someone you know.
3169. chima : Companies struggle to customize their generative AI models by taking advantage of their existing customer and enterprise data, in real-time. Chima solves for this through a sleek, interoperable layer before the standard generative AI models are applied.
3170. multiply-labs : The traditional manufacturing process for individualized drugs is extremely slow and expensive, because it is based on manual labor. At Multiply Labs, we believe that robotics is the only way to truly scale the production of individualized drugs - finally providing these life-saving therapies to the millions of patients who need them. We develop cloud-controlled modular robotic systems that manufacture individualized drugs, and we deploy these systems in the facilities of our pharma customers. This is pharma robotics as a service: we sell the robotic production capacity that our customers need to scale their next-gen individualized drugs.
3171. padlet : We are easily bored. It's the one thing that unites humanity in 2020. No one wants to read twenty paragraphs of text, or sit through forty verbose slides. Yet, we keep making them, boring everyone out of their minds. We are building more beautiful and fun alternatives to traditional documents. They're less of a pain-in-the-ass to create, and a lot less waterboard-y to view. Checkout a Padlet timeline (https://padl.et/timeline), or a Padlet map (https://padl.et/map) to see what we're talking about. Over ten million people all over the world use Padlet. Most satisfyingly, for millions of kids, Padlet is their first experience of creating things on the Internet. People say we are improving education. People say we are making them more creative. People say a lot of things.
3172. shipmates : Shipmates is a shipping platform that enables online business owners to book on-demand and standard orders using multiple couriers in the Philippines. An alternative to the hassles of manual booking and shipping. Shipmates helps e-commerce businesses grow by making their shipping process easier and faster. Launched in 2021, Shipmates was engineered to simplify logistics and scale businesses by allowing business owners to book shipments in bulk from different couriers in just a few clicks. Users have the option to connect their Shopify website to our platform or upload their orders using an excel file. Shipmates is currently in partnership with six couriers: Lalamove, Borzo, Grab, XDE, Entrego, and J&T as we work on adding more courier options. The platform also allows for nationwide shipping, Cash on Delivery and free courier pick-ups for the convenience of business owners. We believe that online businesses deserve more support for shipping which is why we built solutions through continuous product development and simplicity in design.
3173. trace : We started Trace because we believe AI should wow customers, not frustrate them. As a result, we prioritize reliability and seamless customer interactions. Trace AI agents resolve calls end-to-end, securely integrating with bank systems and external APIs. So far, our agents handle quoting, application, and transaction tracking calls for our partners — but we’re still searching for new exciting use cases. Question to all fintechs/banks: Which customer requests keep coming back to you? We’d love to learn how you handle them now and if they are ripe for automation.
3174. emerge-career : Vocational training programs and workforce management software for government agencies looking to create high-paying jobs and up-skill their low-income and justice-involved citizens out of poverty.
3175. sieve : Sieve is a specialized cloud built for video / audio AI. Every video product today is being overwhelmed by a ton of new use cases that are enabled by AI. Video is unique in that it’s much more compute and data-intensive to process or generate compared to other modalities. This leads to a ton of complexity around the ways models are run, the kinds of extra processing needed to happen around them, and the complexity of pipelines that solve the most valuable use cases in the modality. To this end, Sieve’s strongest and most immediate value proposition comes from being an AI toolkit that solves problems unique to video — unlike generic AI developer tools that might exist today. Video is just the start however. Learn more about our long term vision [here](https://sievedata.com/about/jobs)!
3176. ascen : Ascen is a back office platform and employer of record for staffing firms.
3177. wuri : Wuri is an app for reading fiction stories that transforms stories into visual novels having audio, images & video. This opens a new world of storytelling for our writers and readers, who can now offer or consume stories in the format of their choice.
3178. grey : Grey provides US, EU, and UK accounts for remote workers in emerging markets. For the first time, western companies feel comfortable recruiting skilled workers from anywhere and Grey is making it easy for these workers to receive their salary, save in foreign currency, convert to local currency and spend.
3179. inito : 
3180. onestopkitchen : OneStopKitchen (OSK) offers advanced technology and an innovative model which allows any restaurant to scale to multiple locations at zero cost. OSK offers an entire suite of AI powered advanced restaurant inventory, ops and logistics tech to scale quickly with limited risk. OSK operationalizes underperforming restaurant space and staff to run OSK kitchens which are located in prime downtowns and high walk-in areas. Think of AirBnB for restaurants. OSK is a preferred restaurant partner due to its innovative hyper scalable model. Consumers can mix & match multiple cuisines in a single order for dine in, pick up or delivery.
3181. rownd : Rownd helps companies register and retain more users through frictionless sign-in across all of their websites or apps, with a single simple code snippet. We let our customers change how and where authentication happens, killing the static login page forever. Increase your conversions by 50% within weeks!
3182. freckle-education : Our mission is simple: ensure every student gets a world-class education. Every classroom has students at many different levels. In fact, close to 75% of classrooms have students with reading levels that span across more than four grade levels! Yet, most teachers are only provided with resources that teach one specific level. To overcome this, teachers work nights and weekends to find the perfect piece of content for each of their students. Then, during the day, they work with their classes in small groups so they can personalize their instruction as best they can. Teachers are doing this all on their own and they deserve our help. That’s why, at Freckle, we provide teachers the resources and data they need to teach all of their students at the level that’s best for them.
3183. laudspeaker : Open source mobile marketing automation and customer onboarding platform. Alternative to braze customer io / iterable / pendo / appcues . Segment and engage your users with complex scheduled push notification, sms and email campaigns.
3184. can-of-soup : Can of Soup is an app where you can use AI to create photos of you and your friends in imaginary situations. For example, you can create a photo of you, your best friend, and Rihanna playing volleyball on the moon, edit it to perfection, and share it to your friends feed.
3185. ramani : An app for salespeople to track inventory, register their customers and record their sales transactions. Cofounders: African. Ex-Salesforce PM, Stanford CS, Capgemini
3186. workflow86 : Workflow86 is your on-demand AI workflow engineer that designs, builds and edits complete end-to-end automated workflows and business processes based on your instructions. Workflow86 turns any description of a business process or procedure into an automated workflow with fully configured forms, tasks, integrations, notifications, document generation and more. Deploy highly customized business processes and workflows that work with your existing systems in minutes, and just as easily edit and iterate on them with no-code, code or AI assistance.
3187. infinity-ai : Infinity is a video foundation model for human motion and emotion. We allow creators to generate expressive, talking characters across all styles, from photorealistic to cartoons.
3188. radix-labs : 
3189. intryc : Consumer enterprises have millions of customer support tickets annually. They need to constantly evaluate support agents’ performance and compliance. Typically they evaluate less than 5% of those interactions manually which is slow, expensive and not scalable. Intryc's AI can evaluate 100% of all customer interactions, in real time, at half the cost.
3190. ybanq : We are building a collections and reconciliation platform for MSME's in India. In India, reconciliation is largely manual and error prone due requiring manual matching of bank statements with Invoices. In my last role, I used to head product for PayU, India #1 Fintech firm. I would love to connect with other Fintech founders building solving similar problems and in the neobanking space
3191. l : For every L. product sold, one is made accessible to another woman or girl who needs it. L. has been named "Best for the World" by B Corp, a "future-forward company" by Fast Company and "a model of sustainable innovation" by Forbes. After making more than 250 million products accessible in over 20 countries around the world L. was acquired by P&G in 2019 where it retained its status as a Public Benefit Corp. L. continues to be dedicated to its solidarity model and is scaling to reach billions of people around the world.
3192. corecare : CoreCare is the leading AI-powered workflow platform helping Post-Acute and Long-Term Care (PALTC) providers achieve operational excellence. Trusted by 1,000+ locations nationwide, CoreCare increases admissions, optimizes reimbursement rates, improves collection metrics, and reduces administrative burdens—all on one intuitive platform. At the heart of CoreCare is Collaborative Revenue Management, which unites essential data and teams on a shared platform. Our approach empowers employees—regardless of skill or tenure—to perform like experts from day one, collaborate with their peers on critical work, and give management unmatched visibility into performance across the organization. CoreCare replaces error-prone spreadsheets and fragmented portals with streamlined workflows that drive measurable results. Trusted by leading providers, CoreCare redefines how teams work and sets a new standard for AI in long-term care.
3193. dyte : Integrate live video calls with Dyte Video SDK with less than 10 lines of code.
3194. exa-laboratories : Exa is making reconfigurable chips for AI, offering superior speed and energy efficiency compared to traditional GPUs/TPUs/LPUs. Our chips automatically adapt themselves to each specific AI model, overcoming the von Neumann bottleneck, (a common limitation in standard systems). By optimizing for each AI architecture, we significantly boost both inference and training speeds while reducing energy consumption. Imagine having hardware tailored to your AI model, whilst still maintaining the flexibility of a GPU. This way, you won't need to re-manufacture your hardware each time you change your model architecture, all while still benefiting from the speed and efficiency of specialized hardware, saving data centers and compute clusters hundreds of millions of dollars every year!
3195. fiber : Fibers helps developers ship integrations 10x faster by syncing data from 3rd party APIs with their production databases.
3196. poly : A personal cloud storage platform that's so good, it'll replace Finder / File Explorer on your desktop. Find anything with multi-modal, natural language search. Browse with a lightning fast interface that feels just like native. Organize, tag, view, edit, share, and more.
3197. panadata : We run background checks on businesses using data from public records in Panama. Trusted locally by largest banks, law firms, banking regulators, ports, foreign embassies, law enforcement. Our main use cases are due diligence, commercial intelligence and compliance.
3198. surface-labs : We’re building tools to help companies collect richer customer data and convert more website visitors to customers. Every business site has some sort of a Contact Us, Talk to Sales, Request Demo, or other type of intake form designed to collect data from their users. But the majority of these forms are extremely under-optimized and lack the rich analytics and personalization capabilities needed to truly engage users. We've optimized forms, self-serve pipelines, and ran experiments alongside growth teams at companies like Snowflake and various startups and know exactly what is needed to enable better business forms.
3199. nectar : Nectar helps large companies collect carbon emissions data for mandatory disclosures. Over 50,000 companies today are required to collect utility data for upcoming regulations in the US/EU. Sustainability teams manually parse the data, a process that takes 100M work hours annually, requires expensive audits, and results in inaccurate metrics. Nectar automatically extracts, structures, and inputs this data into companies' existing systems.
3200. tall-poppy : Tall Poppy is building tools and services to make personal digital safety accessible to everyone. Founded in 2018, we work both proactively to help prevent harassment from escalating, and also provide expert incident response services when people come under attack.
3201. bitmovin : Bitmovin has been a first mover in almost every significant development in online video, from building and deploying the world’s first (and fastest) commercial adaptive streaming (MPEG-DASH/HLS) HTML5 Player, to being the first to achieve 100x realtime encoding speeds in the cloud. Bitmovin provides HEVC as well as VP9 live streaming with 60FPS and 4K resolution, and built the first containerized video encoding solution with Docker and Kubernetes. Bitmovin products are completely in-house developed, easy and fast to integrate and highly customizable. In combination with our great support, documentation and SLAs, this is a true enterprise offering. To find out more about Bitmovin’s video infrastructure solutions, or about any individual products, contact sales@bitmovin.com, or visit our website: bitmovin.com
3202. doppler : Your central source of truth from local development to production for every language, stack, and infrastructure.
3203. shift-health : We help large provider groups and hospitals take their most mundane repetitive tasks and turn them into automated workflows. Freeing up healthcare workers to focus on the important stuff, like patients
3204. boosted : Boosted designs and builds powerful lightweight electric vehicles that are extremely fun to ride and perfect for the last mile of your commute. We're driven by a passion for longboarding, electric vehicles, and beautiful design. Check us out at BoostedBoards.com!
3205. cambly : The Cambly app gives English learners instant 1-on-1 access to friendly native speakers over video chat 24/7. Students get an affordable and convenient way to practice their English and gain confidence. Tutors get to make money helping people from around the world practice English.
3206. azuki : Azuki: Your Digital Manga Cafe is Netflix-style Japanese comic subscription service where users can subscribe for $4.99 a month to unlock access to all the manga on the service. Free users have access to select chapters with ads.
3207. nototo : Nototo is a workspace that allows you to organize ALL of your information, on ONE map.
3208. konstructly : Konstructly is the first piece of software for general contractors which ties payments to work approvals. It makes it possible to accurately assess what's been built on site and how much should be paid. Konstructly prevents overspend in construction by bridging the gap between those responsible for the payments in construction (back office) and those responsible for completing and managing the build (production). We digitise invoicing and payment approvals and connect them to the respective quality checks of the works, trade handovers and live progress. All of which are currently managed by unlinked, separate processes and data structures. The visibility we provide not only streamlines manual processes and allows much better schedule and payment management, it also incentivises productivity from subcontractors to ensure they get paid on time, in full.
3209. buzzle : Buzzle help product marketing teams identify competitive moats and weaknesses, marketing teams generate & understanding voice of customer and product teams gauge demand in feature requests based on customer pain points, all automatically from a company’s library of recorded sales and success calls. Buzzle is founded by alumni from the University of Michigan. Adithya operated as the NLP modeling lead at Capital One's Center for Machine Learning. Michael was the lead developer of Capital One's privacy portal, serving millions of customers. Bhairav dropped out of his PhD at MIT to found Buzzle, after publishing research on deep learning and robotics at NVIDIA Research, NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and the Montreal Institute for Learning algorithms. Buzzle was formerly named q&ai!
3210. continue : The leading open-source AI code assistant. You can connect any models and any context to build custom autocomplete and chat experiences inside the IDE
3211. unlayer : Unlayer makes embeddable email and web editing software. We provide the essential editing tools that companies need to create successful marketing and engagement campaigns. If you want to add a rich email template editor, web page builder, or popup builder into your application, try Unlayer.
3212. laylo : Laylo powers drops for some of the world’s biggest creators and brands. The platform combines landing pages, messaging, link tracking, and more to empower musicians, artists, celebrities, creators and brands with the tools to drive more sales and streams around their most important moments. We're fortunate to work with some of the top musicians, sports teams, media brands and creators to offer the leading Drop CRM.
3213. hexel : Hexel lets you create a cryptocurrency for your community.
3214. newfront-insurance : Newfront is transforming the delivery of risk management, employee experience, insurance, and retirement solutions by building the modern insurance platform. Transparent data delivered real-time translates into a lower total cost of risk and greater insights. Headquartered in San Francisco, Newfront has offices throughout the country and is home to more than 850 employees who serve clients across the United States and globally.
3215. accend : Accend is a step-by-step guided workflow for Ops & Compliance teams to accelerate and automate manual reviews. Growing B2B Fintechs and BaaS providers continuously face the challenge of inefficiency and low quality output. Accend helps Ops professionals by automatically (i) doing online searches and (ii) generating regulatory reports like CDD/EDD, thereby saving hours per manual process, such as KYB applications, Disputes, Transaction Monitoring, etc. Accend Founders previously led Engineering and Product for Risk at Brex where they saw this problem firsthand while working with Risk Ops & Compliance folks on a daily basis.
3216. toma : At Toma, we aim to become the Microsoft/OpenAI of the Automotive industry by supplying a fully integrated AI + software suite to tens of thousands of profitable automotive dealers in America, and then worldwide. Step 1 is to provide the world’s best voice AI solution for the automotive industry, serving departments from service to sales to finance to information technology. Toma’s voice agents do thousands of AI calls every day and generate millions of dollars worth of revenue for auto dealerships. The automotive industry is a sleeping giant contributing trillions of dollars to the GDP. The industry and its processes are ready for disruption. Toma is bringing AI to all operations in the industry while working hand-in-hand with some of the biggest names such as the Car Dealership Guy, and public companies like Lithia Motors and Cox Automotive. Toma is backed best investors in Silicon Valley and the Automotive industry.
3217. turion-space : Turion Space is building spacecraft to move things around in space and image space objects when they’re not, and focused on developing the dual-use technology required to ensure a sustainable future in space. They aim to build a strong foundation selling space domain awareness imagery data while advancing their technology towards an affordable solution for orbital debris removal and eventually asteroid mining. The founding team originates from SpaceX, and after going through the Y-combinator accelerator in summer 2021 went on to raise a $6.2M seed round and is launching their first DROID satellite in early 2023.
3218. flexdesk : FlexDesk is the modern platform for corporate real estate departments. Combining lease administration with utilization intelligence, financial management, and a coworking booking platform, FlexDesk’s all-in-one solution is designed to help occupiers maximize the ROI of their real estate portfolio. Leading public and private corporations like Confluent, Hopper, ezCater, Blink Health, Paystand, and Bluecrest use FlexDesk to streamline their portfolio management processes while delighting their business users.
3219. mindmesh : Mindmesh is the virtual desk that puts you in control. Centralize work, notes, todos, and meetings. Jump back in an instant. Focus on what you should be doing, right now.
3220. escape : Secure your APIs, SPAs, and microservices effortlessly with Escape—Document all your APIs in minutes, leverage our proprietary DAST algorithm to detect business logic vulnerabilities, and reduce developer remediation overhead with code fixes.
3221. gimbooks : GimBooks offers a cloud based and Mobile First book keeping and business management platform, geared mainly towards small and micro-sized businesses of India, which is easy to use and uniquely offers domain based bookkeeping and Integrated banking.
3222. persist-ai : It takes 5 years for pharma to develop long lasting drug injections for chronic diseases like cancer and diabetes. Persist uses AI-driven automation to reduce formulation development time down to 2 years, a ~50% reduction.
3223. leafpress : Leafpress helps large enterprises manage mission-critical energy data.
3224. gtrack-technologies : Y Combinator S16 Batch. Nanoparticle fluorescent tracers for reservoir characterization in geothermal and oilfield applications.
3225. qvin : Qvin is the first and only healthcare service to scientifically prove menstrual blood can test for critical health information – just like a traditional laboratory blood test. Women's health has always been under-prioritized in science. We still operate in a world built by men, for men. It’s why in 2014, Dr. Sara Naseri and Søren Therkelsen started Qvin to research, develop, and patent a product that powers an underserved and understudied population—women. Over 70% of the decisions our doctors make are influenced by blood test results. Every month, 1.8 billion people across the world menstruate. However, the blood our bodies naturally deliver every month has never been explored as a testing source. And yet, menstrual blood has been left unexplored. Qvin is the first and only healthcare service to use period blood as a non-invasive blood test. We exist to give women an easy, insightful way to monitor existing health issues, proactively screen for others, and go into doctor visits more informed and confident of their own health. Our health technology platform helps women manage their health better through a non-invasive blood collection device named the Q-Pad™. All of us at Qvin want to move the study of women forward. We want to close the gender data gap. And we stand for every person who identifies with women, however they define it.
3226. extend : We’re helping companies transform their documents into high quality data, achieve unmatched accuracy, and ship custom document automation in days, not months.
3227. power-to-the-brand : We help Customer Experience & Support leaders get Voice of Customer (VoC) insights by analyzing 100% support tickets, fine-tuned on customized requirements. Dig deep into existing user feedback for Quality Assurance & improvements in product & service, within minutes not weeks.
3228. zpredicta : zPREDICTA is developing organ-specific, physiologically-relevant 3D cell culture models providing a 1-to-1 reconstruction of human tissues. This is the only available 3D culture approach that comprehensively accounts for the major components of the cellular and extracellular tissue microenvironment preserving the critical interactions between a tumor and its surroundings. Clinical study data demonstrate the high correlation between drug efficacy measured in our platform and the clinical response. The ability of the zPREDICTA platform to reliably predict clinical outcomes offers superior compound attrition management, empowering researchers to exclude ineffective compounds while selecting agents with a high probability of success in the clinic. Our approach is compatible with any drug class, multiple tissue/cell types and a wide variety of readouts. Our customers are using these models for efficacy screening of anticancer compounds, including immuno-oncology agents, evaluation of mechanisms of drug resistance, the rescue of failed drug candidates, assessment of off-target toxicity, and a multitude other applications.
3229. hackerrank : HackerRank, the developer skills company, helps businesses attract, evaluate and hire the best technical talent from around the world. More than 2,800 customers across all industries, including over 25% of the Fortune 100, rely on HackerRank to raise their hiring bars. More than 18 million developers (approximately 40% of the global developer population) trust HackerRank to learn and showcase their coding skills. Every second, two developers complete a HackerRank code submission, or 185,000 per day.
3230. taloflow : Choosing the right tool for your tech stack is a soul-sucking exercise — countless hours in demos, endless spreadsheets, and the risk of a wrong choice. At Taloflow, our mission is to make technology selection effortless and low-risk for IT and software teams. Taloflow is backed by Y Combinator, YC Continuity, Wonder Ventures, Plug and Play Ventures, and Voyager Capital.
3231. appcanary : Never run vulnerable software again. We monitor your servers, and notify you when you need to update. Try us for free: https://appcanary.com
3232. fam : Fam is a group video calling social network to talk with your friends and make new friends. Fam was part of Y-Combinator’s Summer ’17 batch under FriendSpot.
3233. flexport : Founded in 2013, we believe trade can move the human race forward. That’s why our mission at Flexport is to make global trade easy for everyone. What the internet has done for bits and bytes, Flexport is doing for physical goods: giving every business the ability to connect to any customer, wherever they are in the world. That sounds pretty straightforward, but a fragmented and inefficient global supply chain has held the world back from untapped growth and innovation. By connecting everyone in the global economy we can unlock commerce, creativity, and human progress. To do so, we’re building the platform for global logistics—empowering buyers, sellers and their logistics partners with the technology and services they need to grow and innovate. Today, we work with more than 40,000 customers and their suppliers across industries like manufacturing, retail, electronics, consumer goods, tech, apparel, and beauty. Companies of all sizes—from emerging brands to Fortune 500s—used Flexport technology to move nearly $19B of merchandise across 112 countries in 2021. Interested in joining our team? Check out our open job postings on careers site and apply directly today! https://www.flexport.com/careers/jobs/
3234. drivezy : Drivezy, the next generation car & bike sharing platform is here to transform the way vehicles are made, purchased and used. We envision a future where owning a car or bike will be a thing of the past. We're the fastest growing firm in the car & bike rental business in India. Android App: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.justride iOS App: https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/drivezy/id1048221336?mt=8
3235. coreos : CoreOS is part of the Red Hat family. A leader in the open source community and an innovator of open source projects, CoreOS creates and delivers critical components for containerized applications that help fuel broad adoption of secure, scalable and resilient infrastructure. The team maintains several open source projects, including: Container Linux: the secure automatic updating OS; and etcd, the distributed data store for Kubernetes. Join us at https://coreos.com/ and @CoreOS on Twitter.
3236. shipbob : ShipBob is a leading global fulfillment and supply chain platform designed for SMB and Mid-Market ecommerce brands. ShipBob provides brands a single view of their business and customers across sales channels to manage products, inventory, orders, and shipments, leveraging real-time analytics and reporting, dedicated support, and access to hundreds of technology and retail partners. ShipBob enables brands to improve the operations in their own facilities with ShipBob WMS (ShipBob's proprietary warehouse management system), and/or outsource fulfillment to have their orders picked, packed, and shipped from any of ShipBob’s 50+ fulfillment centers across the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia. Founded in 2014, ShipBob launched through Y Combinator by co-founders Dhruv Saxena and Divey Gulati, two ecommerce entrepreneurs who saw a need for more efficient SMB supply chain services. Learn more by visiting shipbob.com.
3237. okteto : At Okteto, we are working hard at creating the next-generation development experience for teams of all sizes. Have you ever seen how long it takes a developer to set up everything they need before working on a feature? We are fixing that. We want developers to focus on building value for their teams instead of wasting time setting up local environments or trying to debug "production only" issues.
3238. anthrogen : Anthrogen uses genetically modified bacteria and optimized enzymes to turn carbon from the air into cheap chemicals. Think Solugen but for more complex molecules/enzyme cascades and using atmospheric carbon instead of sugar as a base. We have engineered the fastest photosynthesizing organism in the world with CRISPR and use generative models to design our enzymatic cascades. We are stating with jet/rocket fuel but will expand to other verticals soon.
3239. authologic : Authologic is an orchestration and aggregation layer for local KYC & AML methods. We allow businesses to check the identity of their clients online using video/biometrics, banking data, and government issued digital IDs. Our API allows a flexible definition of verification scenarios based on the risk profile of the client or risk involved in the given process.
3240. cocrafter : CoCrafter is a construction marketplace to match contractors and subcontractors. Already used by over 3000 companies in the strong German SMB sector, CoCrafter helps contractors to find and manage local as well as foreign subcontractors.
3241. deepnote : Data science is as much a scientific and creative process as it is an engineering one. It involves working together, failing, learning and going back to the drawing board. Data scientists are explorers. To make data projects successful, we need tools that are both powerful and easy to use. Tools that help us collaborate and share our work in an engaging way. Tools that make data science fun again. At Deepnote, we’re building a new standard in data tooling — a notebook that brings teams together to explore, analyze and present data from start to finish. We are building tools for explorers. Join us.
3242. abacus : Abacus is the only real-time expense management solution to reimburse your team, reconcile corporate cards, and automate your expense policy. By eliminating the month-end expense report, Abacus turns submitting and approving expenses into a delightful, collaborative experience. With our mobile app, you'll quickly submit and approve expenses on the go and reimbursements now happen within days. Abacus syncs with your accounting software and auto-matches transactions for hassle-free bookkeeping. Come work with us! We're hiring: abacus.com/about#hiring
3243. crustdata : Crustdata provides live company and people data via APIs. We make hard to get data easy to use at scale. We have developed technology that allows us to pipe in live data from over a dozen different data sources and deliver this data instantly to our customers. We serve use cases like: automatic pipeline building, pipeline prioritization, champion watching, company and people triggers for sales and marketing automation, investment deal sourcing Our goal is index all the important data on the web and deliver it to customers in an easy-to-use way.
3244. etleap : Etleap is an ETL solution for creating perfect data pipelines from day one. Unlike other enterprise solutions, Etleap doesn’t require extensive engineering work to set up, maintain, and scale. It automates most ETL setup and maintenance work, and simplifies the rest into 10-minute tasks that analysts can own.
3245. varos : Varos is an AI Market Research firm, providing competitive intelligence, benchmarks and market research. We sell to both Marketing Executives and Tech Executives. For Tech Executives: Cutting through the AI chaos, we deliver clear, actionable insights & market research that drive real ROI for enterprise tech leaders. Our proprietary approach—blending expert interviews, robust data analysis, and deep vendor insights—cuts through the noise and delivers the customized guidance you need to make faster, smarter AI decisions. Backed by top-tier venture capital and steered by a team of former enterprise CIOs, Varos Research transforms market intelligence into tangible success. For Marketing Executives: We have built the largest first-party data co-op in digital marketing, offering highly granular and real-time benchmarks & market trends in a give-to-get model. Get an instant McKinsey-level audit of your account, benchmarked against 7,000+ companies, including many similar to yours for your Meta/Google Ads.
3246. mesh-2 : Mesh builds domain-specific AI agents to automate repetitive accounting tasks like cash reconciliation, expense wires, and inter-company transactions. Whatever tasks accounting firms are currently outsourcing abroad for reduced labor costs, we automate entirely. At Carta, we spent 5+ years working together to automate accounting. We helped grow Carta's fund accounting business from $20M to $100M, transformed offline excel tasks into automated workflows, and increased customer satisfaction score by over 50% by creating an internal workspace for task coordination. Until now, the only way to scale accounting firms was to hire more employees and outsource more work. With Mesh, accountants can save time on each task, save money on hiring additional resources, and use their extra capacity to exponentially grow their business. With a current shortage of 340,000 accountants in the US, along with the alarming statistic that 75% of certified public accountants (CPAs) will reach retirement within the next 15 years, AI has a critical role to play. And we want to be the ones to automate this $63bn outsourced accounting and finance industry. Our AI agents work long hours, so accountants don't need to.
3247. truebiz : TrueBiz helps financial service providers reduce manual review during business onboarding. We add color to the company's background with 250+ data points on the company from around the web (such as industry and address), and summarize key risk indicators. The process takes seconds – not days, so financial service providers can efficiently meet risk requirements and onboard new businesses faster.
3248. aleph : Aleph helps top finance teams work with their data in real time. Businesses can automate financial models and streamline budgeting and forecasting with the fastest-to-implement FP&A platform. Aleph eliminates the need to export data from multiple sources by syncing spreadsheet models with data from 150+ integrations, and allows teams to interact with their data in no-code dashboards. From annual budgeting to ad hoc reporting, scale your financial processes faster with better data without expanding your team. See why over 90% of people who start a trial with Aleph become customers!
3249. vendora : Vendora is building a generational company in one of the largest industries out there - grocery. We build software to serve the $1 trillion dollar (over 3% of US GDP) grocery industry. This ranges from point of sale, payments, e-commerce, inventory management, loyalty, and advanced analytics with more on the horizon. We’re taking bleeding edge technology and an AI-focused approach to modernizing an industry stuck in legacy software and practices. Backed by Y Combinator and investors with deep expertise in retail, we are a team of operators from Amazon, Uber, Tesla, Figma and McKinsey in transforming a sector that touches us all.
3250. take-app : Ecommerce for WhatsApp. We make commerce more intuitive and accessible by simplifying WhatsApp ordering. Founder Youmin Kim is ex-Facebook Engineering Manager who launched Facebook Marketplace and Messaging Commerce in SE Asia.
3251. videogen : VideoGen makes it easy for anyone to create professional, copyright-free videos in seconds. Today, we serve thousands of customers, from individuals and small businesses to teams at Google and ByteDance. Making videos is hard, time-consuming, and expensive if you hire someone to do it for you. With VideoGen, it only takes a few clicks!
3252. d-id : D-ID enables creators and developers to generate realistic high-quality AI personas easily and ethically through the use of our platform and APIs, based on deep-learning and AI-powered technology - Enabling Creative Reality™. D-ID is a Tel Aviv-based Creative Reality™ startup specializing in patented video reenactment technology using AI and deep learning. Established in 2017, D-ID created the first facial image de-identification solution to protect images and videos from facial recognition software. D-ID's products range from animating still photos to facilitating high-quality video productions and creating viral user experiences.
3253. ourmenu : OurMenu provides an online food ordering service. The company replaces ordering from a waiter with ordering from a website. OurMenu wants to let its users to order from phone instead of talking to a waiter, without downloading an app. Users can scan a QR code on the table, choose their food, order and pay, and then the food is brought tothem. OurMenu plans to charge restaurants $300 per month for the tech, and will aggregate the menu choice data to sell back to them.
3254. intersect-labs : Bring your data from various sources, process it, send it to a destination of your choice (and repeat all of that in a few clicks every day/week/month)
3255. permitportal : We are building workflows to help developers go from finding and closing development sites to getting a building permit faster. PermitPortal accelerates the most critical parts of the pre-construction phase: finding the right sites, understanding entitlements and navigating local development sentiment.
3256. soteris : Soteris is a YC-backed company with a four-person team and a great investor base building a first-of-its-kind data ML pricing system for insurance, starting with personal auto.
3257. jetlenses : As healthcare costs have increased, the patient's home has become incredibly important as a site of care. Yet, patients recovering at home are highly underserved. Patients can only get better at home if they receive the high-quality care that they need reliably. The existing in-home care process involves patchwork of different vendors, all connected through faxes by nurses. We're building modern, robust software that solves this challenge and brings this market online.
3258. humaans : Humaans is an HRIS system designed to help People Ops/Finance/IT teams operate collaboratively with all the best in class point solutions they want for their staff while maintaining a central record of employee data. The goal is to automate the employee lifecycle by integrating deeply with other complementary solutions and turn complex/manual processes (e.g. onboarding, offboarding, compensation management, etc) into simple workflows.
3259. atlas-2 : Atlas is a modern, all-in-one customer support platform that is built with AI first. We help you solve your customers problems faster by understanding them more completely with a suite of customer tools like session recording, bug tracking, and event feeds. You can think of us as the next generation Zendesk / Intercom combined with Log Rocket and Linear. Learn More: https://atlas.so/ Products: - Chat Widget - Ticketing - Omni channel Support (chat, email, WhatsApp, Slack Connect, and SMS) - Customer Timeline - Session Recording - Help Center - AI Chatbot - Customer Insights
3260. raven : At Raven, we are building AI assistants for manufacturing plants which can offer intelligent assistance for day-to-day operations like training, job planning, troubleshooting, reporting and also helps with real-time analytics — all while seamlessly integrating with your existing systems. We’re taking decades of manufacturing expertise and combining it with AI to solve real operational problems. We’re a small, focused team working to make industrial operations safer, smarter, and more efficient.
3261. function-of-beauty : We’re a customized beauty brand at the intersection of tech and beauty, setting out to democratize custom beauty and truly empower individuality. There’s no one size fits all with us.
3262. ubicloud : Ubicloud is an open source cloud that can run anywhere. Our cloud services include elastic compute, block storage, virtual networking, managed Postgres, and powerful IAM. Ubicloud provides these services on bare metal providers, such as Hetzner, Leaseweb, or AWS Bare Metal. You can self-host our software or use our managed service to reduce your cloud costs by 3-10x.
3263. safepay : Safepay provides a single integrated payments solution that interoperates with local and international payment options. Our current focus is to serve businesses and individuals in Pakistan and neighboring economies.
3264. airhelp : We help get compensation for air passengers that have experienced delayed, cancelled, and overbooked flights. We make the claim process much faster, easier and less painfull because the airlines won't. We love new challenges! As a start-up, we’ve been through it all and thanks to this our AirHelpers have developed the skills to deal with it all, and more, all while remaining passionate about what we do – helping ordinary people – as flight delays can happen to anyone. What helps us continuously develop, is our combination of talent, passion and persistance. What makes us different? Every single one of our employees can make an impact on the future of AirHelp – come up with an innovative idea – and we’ll help you implement it at AirHelp. This is an experience you can gain in very few places! If you’re looking to develop new skills, make an impact on not only global business, but ordinary, everyday travellers, and take risks developing and implementing new projects – what are you waiting for? Come join us today! With a variety of departments to choose from: tech, product, legal, finance, human resources, customer service (and the list goes on!) - you don’t have to narrow your horizons, just take your pick. Pick what you’ve got a knack for, and most importantly, what you enjoy! AirHelp. We're here to help!
3265. anglera : At Anglera, we're developing a suite of AI agents to help e-commerce companies run their operations more efficiently. Our flagship agent helps our customers onboard, enrich, and manage their product data, reducing time per product from 15 mins down to 5 seconds. We previously developed ML to automatically enrich millions of products at Uber Eats, and we're now on a mission to automate the most common manual workflows for every e-commerce business.
3266. greptile : Greptile is an AI that understands large codebases that you can query via an API. You can: - Use it to chat with your codebase - Plug it into Jira to generate descriptions for tickets, into GitHub to get automate PR reviews etc. with full knowledge of the codebase - Build custom internal tools and automations on top of the API! Greptile can be used via the cloud, or be hosted 100% on your cloud in an air-gapped VPC. Today, 800+ software teams including Wombo, Metamask, Warp, Exa AI, Bland, Leya, and more use Greptile to accelerate their software development lifecycle.
3267. ruleset : 
3268. marblism : Everyone dreads the first few lines of code: choosing frameworks, designing UI/UX, setting up your project, integrating front-end with back-end… That's why we created Marblism: just describe your app, and voila! Here’s how the magic work: 1. Describe the product you want to build: it works well for SaaS, marketplaces, social apps and AI apps 2. We generate the database and the back-end 3. We generate the front-end 4. You clone the github repos and you’re ready to go The 90% heavy lifting work is done for you. You focus on adding your 10% unique touch. You can launch your idea in days not months.
3269. science-exchange : Science Exchange powers R&D outsourcing for the world’s top life sciences companies. Our marketplace gives scientists access to the innovation and research they need and our platform fully automates R&D outsourcing from source to pay so scientists can focus on what they love—science.
3270. apptimize : Apptimize enables organizations to enhance their native iOS and Android apps to create amazing user experiences, improving acquisition, engagement, and retention. We do this with a platform that empowers product teams to efficiently run A/B tests, make instant updates, and personalize user experiences through staged and segmented rollouts. Apptimize, based in San Francisco, is backed by US Venture Partners, Google Ventures, Y Combinator, and others. Top apps including The Wall Street Journal, Vevo, HotelTonight, and Strava use Apptimize to continuously drive mobile growth.
3271. redbird : Redbird is an AI-powered analytics platform for the enterprise - empowering anyone within an organization to easily automate and unify their analytics work in minutes, without writing code. Redbird connects to all of an organization’s data sources and accelerates analytics work across data prep, wrangling, analysis, reporting and data science.
3272. hogaru : Hogaru provides professional cleaning and maintainance services to homes and micro businesses in Latin America. Differently from marketplaces, we employ directly our cleaners, to foster retention and quality of service.
3273. wallbit : Wallbit is a neobank for global remote workers, it offers them bank accounts in the US, a debit card, and an investment account to invest in bonds or stocks on the US stock market.
3274. anakin : Anakin is building a fully automated pricing engine for large eCommerce companies such as Walmart, and Uber. We help them increase their revenue by upto 12% by optimizing the pricing, products and trends data of their competitors. We do that by collecting data and generating actionable insights. Our pricing engine automatically changes the prices of hundreds of millions of products across 20+ countries in real-time. Anakin is profitable and growing every month with 15+ multi-billion-dollar companies as clients.
3275. blacksmith : Blacksmith helps companies run their continuous integration (CI) up to twice as fast, at half the cost. We do this by running their CI on high performance gaming CPUs. - Engineering productivity is often marred by slow CI that grows quadratically with the size of the engineering organization. - On top of this, companies pay high markups to run CI on the hyperscalers. - Consequently, companies have to run their CI on spot instances to keep costs in check. Since spot instances can get pre-empted at any point, running CI reliably on them requires [significant engineering investment](https://www.rippling.com/blog/how-rippling-used-spot-instances-to-save-and-scale-ci-cd). Blacksmith offers CI compute that is more performant, cheaper, and reliable. With Blacksmith, companies do not have to think about CI as they scale. We are starting with GitHub Actions - today's most popular and fastest-growing CI system. With a one-line change, companies can run their CI up to twice as fast on our high-performance hardware. In addition to this, Blacksmith provides colocated warm caches along with optimizations for common CI workloads (like building and pushing Docker images). Aayush, JP and Aditya have gained deep systems and product knowledge from their time at Cockroach Labs and Faire respectively. Both these companies, with several hundred engineers, were spending in the order of millions of dollars on their CI. Yet they were riddled with slow CI and actively seeking out cheaper and faster alternatives. Blacksmith offers exactly this alternative, at a time where being lean is table-stakes for most companies.
3276. tiny : At Tiny, we’re building a new kind of ERP system for factories where AI agents automate repetitive workflows. Made for the four million factories still primarily relying on Excel. LLMs now unlock their troves of siloed unstructured data. We see a massive opportunity to build a compound startup and, beyond that, tap into network effects to unlock just-in-time manufacturing across entire supply chains.
3277. opensea : OpenSea is building the world’s most trusted and inclusive peer-to-peer NFT marketplace. OpenSea makes minting, purchasing and selling NFTs frictionless, and offers multi-chain options for creators and collectors of all kinds to own and shape their relationships directly. Headquartered in New York, the OpenSea leadership team comes from Google, Palantir, Lyft, Uber, Stanford and Berkeley. Investors include a16z, Paradigm, Coatue.
3278. craniometrix : Alzheimer’s is tough. And while there is no cure, getting help should be 100x easier than it is today. We’ve raised over $6 million to solve that problem. When someone is going through the disease, there are many different things they need help with (i.e. memory issues, depression, fall risk, safety in the home, etc). The primary person responsible for that care is one of the patient’s loved ones – usually a child or a spouse. That’s a really difficult thing for the loved one to do. It’s stressful, time consuming, and difficult. If we can make their lives easier, we can not only improve their experience but also create better patient outcomes. We’re building the world’s first one-stop-shop, d2c care platform for Alzheimer’s, starting by optimizing the care monitoring, management, and intervention processes.
3279. onesignal : OneSignal is the leading omnichannel customer engagement solution, powering personalized customer journeys across mobile and web push notifications, in-app messaging, SMS, and email. Our easy-to-use interface empowers content creators to focus on quality user engagement instead of complex implementation. Our powerful platform enables over a million businesses to deliver 10 billion messages daily and 1 in 7 new apps launches using OneSignal! We support companies in 140 countries, including Zynga, USA Today, Bitcoin.com, Upwork, Tribune, and many more - from startups and small businesses just getting off the ground to established companies communicating with millions of customers.
3280. safebutler : SafeButler is a free comparison tool that searches hundreds of insurance websites at once to find the information you need to make the right decisions on insurance
3281. dnovo : At dNovo, we are curing hair loss by creating new hair, de novo. We are doing this with cellular reprogramming technology that we pioneered at Stanford and Harvard. With this technology, we can take any patient derived cell, whether it be blood, skin or fat and reprogram (convert) them into medically relevant cell types. Our first objective is to cure hair loss by using our reprogramming technology to make new hair (patent pending). This is different from everything currently available on the market because the hair loss industry is focused on maintaining the hair that you already have, but no one is trying to produce NEW hair, de novo. After hair, we envision using our cellular reprogramming technique to make any cell, any tissue or any organ on demand to replace what is lost as we age.
3282. hypotenuse-ai : We’re building a new way for ecommerce brands to manage their product data and create content using AI, unlocking a new wave of creativity and productivity for them. Hypotenuse is an all-in-one AI platform that manages product data, creates product descriptions and marketing content, and edits product images at scale—all in a way that captures a brand’s unique style. We’re reshaping what takes months to do, and turning it into days.
3283. c16-biosciences : C16 Biosciences is decarbonizing consumer products supply chains by producing next-generation ingredients. The company's biomanufacturing platform produces better performing, more sustainable alternatives to oils and fats, and their first product is an alternative to palm oil. The company owns and operates Palmless™ alternative fats and oils.
3284. axar-ai : 
3285. tamarind-bio : Tamarind Bio is a website and API which allows scientists to use computational biology tools at scale using a simple interface. On Tamarind, scientists can use ML models like AlphaFold to design and simulate molecules by simply selecting inputs instead of or setting up a high performance computing environment or dealing with DevOps. Our tools are used by thousands researchers in large pharma companies, top biotechs, and academic institutions. We currently focus on models in protein design and engineering, including for antibodies/therapeutics and enzymes. Get in touch at founders@tamarind.bio
3286. tensorpool : Our CLI makes ML model training effortless - just describe your job, and we handle GPU orchestration and execution at half the cost of major cloud providers.
3287. windwalk : 
3288. hingeto : Hingeto is a technology platform that enables fashion brands & influencers to sell past and future masterpieces with zero inventory risk. We are backed by Y Combinator (W16), Kapor Capital, Cross Culture Ventures, Precursor Ventures, Stanford University / StartX & several angels (including Andrew Iguodala)
3289. aftercare : Aftercare helps you run surveys with AI-powered follow-up questions to dig into responses for deeper insights—it’s like having a skilled interviewer for every survey.
3290. cedar : Law practice is intellectual work trapped in a mesh of administrative tasks. We’re building AI agents that automate pre-litigation workflows for personal injury law firms. From AI voice agents that take the initial client intake call to drafting discovery requests and analyzing responses for motions to compel, new workflows can now be automated with the advent of voice and reasoning models. Personal injury is a $57 billion market in the U.S. alone, with a contingency fee billing model that incentivizes efficiency (unlike other practices of law billed hourly). In high-quality firms, each attorney can make upwards of 3.5 million per year– saving even 1% of their time is significant. We're working on saving >30% of their time. The founders, Jesse and Isabelle, met at Georgia Tech, where they graduated with degrees in Computer Science. They’ve worked on projects together for 4 years, while gaining industry experience as software engineers at LinkedIn, Intuit, Notion, and Figma.
3291. affinity : Affinity is a compliance training platform designed specifically for regulated industries. We’ve previously built a fintech from inception to a successful exit and are leveraging that experience to solve the learning management needs of regulated tech companies from growth stage to large enterprise banks.
3292. landeed : Landeed is building India's (then for rest of the world) fastest and most comprehensive property title search engine. More than 84% of Indian household wealth is stored in real estate, property and land. However, with 2/3rds of all court cases in India dealing with land-related disputes, it is essential that people have accessible public records to both protect themselves against litigation and provide appropriate documentation for facilitating transactions.
3293. kurios : Kurios is cohort based online courses for professionals in Latin America. Our instructors are professionals coming out of tech companies like Google, Amazon, Stripe and more. Our course completion rate is 90% and annual customer retention rate is 100%. We have 65 B2B customers and we up-skill their employees in product management, growth and data analytics, just to start with. Some customers: Walmart Mexico, Banorte (2nd bank in Mexico), Mercado Libre, BCP (#1 bank in Peru), Alicorp (leading CPG in Latam), Sura (leading pension fund), etc.
3294. salarybox : Salarybox is a payroll app for small businesses in India. There are 63 Million small businesses in India and 90% still manage payroll manually. Today, business owners manage attendance on pen-paper; calculate salary on excel and pay employees in cash. Using our App, the entire process can be performed with the click of a button. Our app reduces the time taken to process payroll from 5 days to 5 minutes. We use Payroll data to build a credit profile of 300 Million+ blue-collar workers and improve access to financial products.
3295. paragon-ai : Paragon AI is a tool for sales representatives which automatically turns call recordings into structured information that directly updates the CRM. Instead of spending hours going over call recordings to pull out key information to populate the CRM, sales representatives can focus their time doing what they do best and sales leaders can rest assured that pipeline data is up to date.
3296. ohlife : OhLife is a personal journal that you'll actually keep. Every day we send you an email asking "How'd your day go?" You type as much as you want and hit reply. We accumulate your entire journal through these daily email replies.
3297. verak : Verak is now part of InsuranceDekho as of April 2023. Verak offered next day coverage starting at ₹8 per day for MSMEs in India to insure any facility (shop, warehouse, factory etc) against 15+ natural & man-made perils. (*) Our team worked across the entire insurance value-chain: From satellite based underwriting to machine learning based pricing to instant quotation to WhatsApp based claims.
3298. loops : Loops is a simple and beautiful email sending platform for SaaS companies. We have a Notion-style block editor for email creation, excellent deliverability for transactional mail and pre-built loops for SaaS companies to snap-in to increase their revenue and user engagement.
3299. bird : The world’s largest omnichannel communications platform. Bird CRM powers communication between businesses and their customers — across any channel, always with the right context, and on every corner of the planet. Its products and solutions are the foundational building blocks to business communications across preferred channels, like SMS, Voice, WhatsApp, WeChat, Messenger, Email and more. Founded in 2011, Bird connects to billions of devices and is trusted by nearly 20,000 customers worldwide. Headquartered in Amsterdam, Bird operates across nine global hubs — including Singapore, Dublin, Shanghai, Sydney, London, Bogota and Asuncion — and is proud to be a “Work Anywhere” company. Its team of 500 employees represent more than 55 nationalities.
3300. zigfu : Zigfu is the easiest way to make and play Kinect apps. Download the plugin, hook up your sensor, and enjoy the future now!
3301. toolbox : Our mission at Toolbox is to help SMBs thrive by providing them with a simple, yet powerful financial operating system to grow their business.
3302. givefront : At Givefront (formerly Clav), we are building a banking platform tailored for nonprofits. Our unified platform allows organization leaders to manage banking, spend, payments, team turnover, reporting and compliance all in one place.
3303. gantto : Gantto was conceived to fill one obvious gap in our weekly management routine. Each week we would collect status information based upon what was really happening inside the organization and then update our project models to reflect and digest the changes. Then we would spend tedious hours manually creating presentations based upon the same underlying project data that we had already updated. After a long search for a good solution we set out to create our own. Gantto is a play on words on gantt chart â€“ the most commonly used visual representation of project schedules. Gantt charts take their name after Henry Gantt, who popularized them in 1910. In reality they were originally conceived by Karol Adamiecki, a Polish economist / engineer who invented them in 1896 and named them harmonograf.
3304. compgun : Compgun is founded on the simple premise that sales commissions are simultaneously the sales organization's single biggest strategic lever and its largest expense. At previous companies, Tim and Jake were amazed by the effectiveness of sales commissions in rallying teams around new strategic priorities and business objectives. At the same time, they were shocked by how primitively commission expenses are often managed. Most businesses administer commissions with Excel and email, making it nearly impossible for sales reps or their managers to track how they are pacing throughout the month, let alone which transactions were included in a previous period’s paycheck. Compgun’s mission is to stand the status quo on it’s head by providing real-time performance tracking and insight to every member of the sales org.
3305. athelas : At Athelas, we're bringing simple, life-changing health care products to people around the globe. The future of healthcare is at the home - we are a team of technologists building the next generation of medical products at the intersection of hardware and software. We won’t stop until we’ve brought the world class tools of a hospital to your home. Athelas Remote Patient Monitoring (RPM) allows healthcare providers to monitor patient vitals like blood pressure, weight, and blood glucose without the patient ever having to enter a clinic, improving patient health and engagement, and reducing hospitalizations. We do this all through a beautifully integrated suite of devices and software tools that provides access to state-of-the-art technologies and groundbreaking AI powered analysis.
3306. panorama-education : Panorama is a fast-growing national technology company focused on improving education. More than 2,000 school systems serving 15 million students across 50 states have adopted our platform to understand students’ academic and social-emotional strengths and to identify those in need of additional support. School systems turn to Panorama's suite of tools to ensure that every child gets the support they need, including school climate and social-emotional learning surveys, tiered intervention planning, and professional development.
3307. hyper-online : Hyper is an early stage startup with a mission to build the largest avatar platform in the world. We're starting by targeting consumer use-cases, and our first one is VTubing: an emerging type of content where creators use computer-vision and motion capture to pilot 3D avatars as content creation tools. Avatar content (also known as VTubing) has broken into the multi-billion-view-per-month category on places like Twitch and YouTube. This has given a new group of people the power to tell stories and present themselves on their own terms online while also protecting their IRL identities. Our goal is to build the largest platform tools for this new movement. We're now the #1 US VTubing app on iOS. We also recently announced our seed funding: we're backed by Amazon, Two Sigma Ventures, MakersFund, YCombinator, and other great investors. App Store: https://hyper.online/download TechCrunch: https://techcrunch.com/2023/06/12/hyper-raises-3-6m-from-amazon-and-more-for-its-iphone-based-vtuber-friendly-avatar-platform/
3308. arengu : Arengu allows developers to build frictionless signup flows in minutes. Large companies like Airbnb, Uber or Revolut, dedicate a full engineering team to build and optimize their signup flows. Most companies cannot dedicate these resources, and Arengu helps them deliver an optimized signup flow that boosts conversion rates by 20-30%.
3309. hauteday : A community that finds the best new items in fashion. Each day, HauteDay focuses on a specific fashion theme that our community then organizes into a shoppable collection. One of the most exciting aspects to HauteDay is that we are bringing attention and customers to some of the most innovative and up and coming fashion brands from around the world.
3310. meticulate : Meticulate is the best tool for discovering and qualifying companies. We help sales and investment teams target highly specific ICPs and rapidly test outbound strategies.
3311. armory : Your software is your competitive advantage, and your customer experience is everything. Armory Continuous Deployment solutions empower you and your teams to confidently deploy every application, every time; safely and securely, so you can accelerate your time-to-market, increase stability, and decrease customer-impacting issues.
3312. miggos : Miggos is a wholesale marketplace for the 5 million+ mom & pop clothing shops in Latin America. We're on a mission to make the lives of these mom & pop store owners in Latin America easier, connecting brands and manufacturers to small retailers and facilitating the entire process of purchasing, selecting, and discovering new products, credit, logistics, and service.
3313. flexengage : flexEngage helps retailers personalize post-purchase communications, like receipts, to better engage their most committed customers and drive additional sales. Amazon is destroying traditional retailers with their data and software because most retailers can't afford to build it on their own. So instead, retailers resort to wasting billions of dollars on ineffective marketing like Facebook ads to try and compete, while ignoring their most effective marketing channel, post-purchase communications. flexReceipts provides retailers with Amazon-like software for their trillions of post-purchase communications, by turning static messages into a personalized marketing medium. We have a powerful data network effect; creating the world’s largest database of consumers’ shopping behavior currently at 300 million transactions and 47m unique consumer profiles. Other important information: - Our consumer database will replace the need for Nielsen, IRI, and Traqline - A $130b industry. - We're at $2.4m ARR, - Deployed in 11k stores nationwide by amazing brands like Under Armor, Michael Kors, Oakley, and GNC. - Contracts range from $25 - $500k yearly, recurring - with the majority being 3-year contracts. - Avg retailers you have never heard about, like Shoe Carnival and DXL, each represent $100k yearly recurring contracts for us. - We've run an efficient company while we found PMF. $2m still in the bank, $85k monthly burn.
3314. void : Void is an open source code editor with AI features similar to Cursor and GitHub Copilot. Unlike other tools, Void lets developers connect directly to open source LLM models without sending their private data through an external backend.
3315. tensorfuse : Tensorfuse makes it easy to deploy and auto-scale AI models on your own infra using the CLI. It’s like using Modal/Replicate/Together with your cloud credits. Tensorfuse automatically scales in response to the amount of traffic your app receives. Fast cold boots with our optimized container system. Describe container images and hardware specifications in simple Python. No YAML. Behind the scenes, we manage custom k8s clusters which run the Tensorfuse Runtime.
3316. seal-2 : 
3317. dojah-inc : Dojah is an end-to-end AI Powered Fraud Prevention and KYC Platform. From onboarding to ongoing monitoring, we are helping businesses fight financial crime and onboard customers faster.
3318. socialcam : Socialcam is a new mobile video application coming to both iPhone and Android. Socialcam makes it fast, easy and fun to capture, share and view high quality movies of life's moments with friends and family.
3319. reebee : Reebee is the best way to browse and distribute flyers. The reebee mobile application makes it easy for customers to browse and discover local flyers, stay organized with an integrated shopping list, search products and much more. Available for free in Canada on the Apple App Store, Google Play, and BlackBerry World. Reebee specializes in targeted flyer distribution, engaging the consumer audience through a rich mobile experience. Digital distribution not only fills in the voids of physical distribution, but it also reaches a new audience with distinctly measurable results. Track consumer buying signals like never before.
3320. clara-labs : Clara is a human-in-the-loop assistant that helps automate repetitive tasks.
3321. letter-ai : Letter AI is the world's first generative AI powered revenue acceleration platform. Build and maintain all the collateral and training you need 10x faster with generative AI. Personalize instantly by vertical or individual customers using existing data. Ask questions in real-time to your own co-pilot with expertise in your data. Scale coaching with realistic and hyper-personalized AI roleplay. Reach out to learn more about how both large enterprise like Lenovo and Adobe and growing startups like Paro and DealerBuilt are delivering real value for their revenue teams using the Letter AI platform.
3322. crew : Crew is the next-gen ATS/CRM built just for recruiting agencies and independent recruiters. It’s all about modern sourcing, packed with cool automation and even a dash of AI. It's beautiful and well-designed. Plus, it’s deeply integrated with LinkedIn—because let’s be honest, that’s where we recruiters hang out most of the day. With Crew, you can forget about all that tedious copying/pasting, and tab-switching, making your workday a whole lot smoother.
3323. quest : Quest is a Q&A app where experts answer questions in short audio clips. We’re starting with career advice, hosting founders and operators from YC and companies like Google, who share intimate and personal stories about work you've never heard before.
3324. converge : We're building the unified marketing measurement stack for online stores. We make it easy for marketeers to understand where their customers come from, cut unprofitable channels, and scale when things are working. We are vertically integrating the modern data stack for marketing teams of online stores by consolidating customer data collection, consent management, identity resolution, transformations, attribution, data forwarding, and analytics into a single platform.
3325. threshold : NuCypher is one of two founding teams of the Threshold Network (market cap ~$370m), which hosts tBTC, TACo, Random Beacon & tUSD. Since 2017, NuCypher has pioneered cryptographic primitives for end-to-end encrypted data sharing, including Proxy Re-Encryption and Threshold Access Control (TACo), novel cryptoeconomic mechanisms (e.g. Stable Yield). and original network/governance architectures (including a historic on-chain merger). TACo, our flagship product, is running on over 120 nodes with ~$80m of associated economic security, has paying adopting developers and major infrastructure partners (Ceramic, Irys, Textile, Unlock), and has been decentralized from genesis (mainnet launch in Jan 2024).
3326. 99dresses : 99dresses allows women all across the U.S. to buy, sell & trade fashion with thousands of shopaholics. Nikki Durkin, the founder of 99dresses, was sick of spending so much money on new clothes only to get bored with them a week later and rarely ever wear them again. She started 99dresses in her home country of Australia as a way for thousands of Aussie girls to conveniently trade fashion with each other online. Now based in NYC and working with a fantastic team (Marcin, Chandra, Oguz & Clare), she is bringing 99dresses to women across the USA. Get the iOS app: http://bit.ly/1fWeoRG
3327. dalus : Dalus is an AI-powered systems engineering software to model/validate complex systems for aerospace/defense/robotics and other mission-critical industries. With Dalus, engineers can seamlessly trace requirements, perform analyses, and update information in real-time. This ensures that every team member stays aligned and informed, reducing inefficiencies and enabling faster iterations. With AI at our core, users can analyze hundreds of pages of existing engineering documentation and requirements to generate or retrieve information about the system model they are building in Dalus. We started working together on Dalus in spring 2024 after Eliot quit his job at Aerojet Rocketdyne (L3Harris) where he worked as a test/systems engineer. He experienced first-hand how silos and poor communication reduced the productivity and efficiencies in the teams he worked at. We love working with companies tackling complex engineering systems, whether they be startups just getting their feet wet or large organizations like Israel Aerospace Industries (Our design partner and biggest aerospace/defense company from Israel) Read why we started Dalus: https://dalus.io/articles/why-dalus
3328. presti-ai : Furniture companies spend millions and months each year on photoshoots or CGI to create product images as these visuals are crucial for driving sales. Presti offers a faster and cheaper solution powered by generative AI. Unlike other generative AI tools, our core model is optimized for furniture products and includes multiple features tailored to the unique needs of furniture industry. We have 100 paying B2B users with a 10% growth week over week. We raised a $3.5M seed round
3329. fancy : Fancy (acq. Gopuff) is an on-demand grocery delivery company based in the UK. We deliver snacks, drinks and more in under 30 minutes.
3330. reforged-labs : Reforged Labs empowers game studios to supercharge their performance marketing. Our AI copilot, the first platform built for mobile game marketing, enables UA managers to achieve results 5x faster and 10x cheaper. By analyzing thousands of top-performing ads, our platform uncovers what makes an ad effective. Backed by real-world data, it transforms how UA managers brainstorm ideas, create video ads, and launch high-performing campaigns - delivering a competitive edge in the evolving gaming industry. With Reforged Labs, you don’t just keep up with trends - you set them.
3331. hoop-dev : hoop.dev prevents developers from blocking on Devops tasks. We do this by enabling any engineer do Devops work under the supervision of the Devops team. You can think of us as code review for Devops tasks.
3332. keywords-ai : The only platform you need to launch and optimize your LLM application. We built a unified interface for any model with built-in infrastructure, so you can focus on building a product people love. Integration is dead simple - everything comes with 2 lines of code: - Playground and prompt management for testing models and improving prompts - Beautiful pre-built dashboards to monitor every LLM metric and user log - Production performance monitoring with auto-evaluations ... and a lot more! Reach out to team@keywordsai.co if you have any questions. Excited to see what you'll build with us!
3333. lifelike : 
3334. zoios : Are you looking for a platform that can help you overcome people and culture challenges? We combine human expertise with advanced data analytics to help you achieve the results you dream about. Our platform helps organizations build a great culture, hire the right talent and lead their people. There is no need to be guessing, and worrying all the time. Use Zoios to get real-time actions that will help you create an organization where employees thrive.
3335. jovian : Jovian is an online university for software development and data science. We offer practical and industry-focused programs that help professionals learn technical skills, build real-world projects, and advance their careers. Students learn practical skills, build real-world portfolio projects, and undergo job readiness training. Our tutors offer 24x7 guidance & mentorship over Slack & Zoom. Students also get access to jobs with 200+ hiring partners.
3336. talentropy-ai : Think of us as your dedicated AI recruiting team, available 24/7 to engage with every single candidate in their preferred language. We help companies to evaluate 100% of their candidates while reducing the workload on their recruiting teams. Our technical co-founders, Rubén, Vladimir, and Sebastián, bring vast HR industry experience. HoyTrabajas is supported by Rebel Fund, Alan Rutledge, Kube Ventures, Flucas VC, Magic Fund, New Ventures, Y Combinator (w22), and more.
3337. streamdal : SaaS data platform for observing, repairing and replaying data in streaming systems.
3338. officely : Officely is building the next generation of tools to support the hybrid workplace. Teams can see who’s around on different days, book a desk, or share social plans and important updates. Office managers/admins can get detailed metrics on who came in and when, in a user-friendly format, allowing them to gain critical insights into how their spaces are being used. All wrapped up in a beautiful experience.
3339. strac : Strac is an agentless Data Discovery (aka DSPM - Data Security Posture Management) & DLP (Data Leak Prevention) that automatically discovers, classifies and remediates sensitive data (alert, label, redact, mask, block, delete). Strac protects SaaS, Cloud, Gen AI and Endpoints like O365, Slack, GDrive, AWS, Salesforce, ChatGPT, Jira, Mac, Zendesk, and 40+ integrations. Strac protects enterprise companies like UiPath, ThredUP, Nylas, Crypto (dot) com!
3340. ophelia : Ophelia helps people quit opioids without going to rehab. We offer online doctor’s visits, withdrawal medication prescriptions, and support for long-term recovery, using a protocol 6x more effective than most rehabs (2/3rds of which don't have doctors). More than 3 million Americans are addicted to opioids, but 80% are not getting help, due to jobs, families, and privacy concerns. Meanwhile, there's a proven treatment that increases survival rates by 600%, and it's low cost, discreet, and convenient. It's called MAT, and it looks like treatment for anxiety or depression: medication plus therapy. However, doctors need a special waiver to prescribe the medication, which fewer than 5% of them have, so it's difficult to get, and most people are buying it on the street. Sadly, drug dealers aren't doctors: every 11 minutes another American dies of an opioid overdose, now the #1 cause of death for Americans under 50. Ophelia is replacing rehab with telemedicine, using proven science and a consumer-first approach. The opioid treatment market in the U.S. is $15B, and 85% of opioid addicts have insurance that pays for it. We're treating roughly 400 patients with thousands more waiting. Zack started Ophelia after losing his girlfriend to an opioid overdose, who found it easier to get medication from a drug dealer than a doctor. We are raising money to help patients in waiting, grow our footprint, save lives, and earn venture-level returns for investors.
3341. carerev : CareRev is a technology platform empowering healthcare professionals to take control of their careers. CareRev provides a direct line between healthcare facilities and local clinical talent, cutting out the middleman and enabling professionals to work where and when they want. Together, we’re building the local, resilient, flexible healthcare workforce of the future. For more information, visit carerev.com or follow us on LinkedIn.
3342. clarum : Clarum helps private equity firms conduct faster, more reliable, and cost-efficient due diligence with AI. Using Clarum, firms can upload documents from their data rooms to extract information, identify red flags and answer due diligence questionnaires. We're firm believers that technology can transform the private capital markets by providing investors with the tools needed to fully utilize the entirety of their private internal data.
3343. leon-and-george : Léon & George is a California based ecommerce retailer, specializing in premium indoor and outdoor plants, luxury ceramics and lifestyle goods. Recognized for their streamlined local delivery service across California, custom-engineered packaging for nationwide shipping and commitment to exemplary quality, they have cultivated a vast following since the brand’s inception in 2016.
3344. rinsed : 
3345. movley : Movley is your e-commerce brand's product quality control department. Built by sellers, and trusted by 800+ brands. Are you a Shopify or Amazon seller? Sign up in 30 seconds to start monitoring your product quality for free!
3346. calltree-ai : Calltree helps enterprises' VP of Operations understand how to make their call center more efficient. Our AI agent analyzes millions of minutes of call center recordings to find inefficiencies in workflows and quantifies the cost of each action. For example, when a rep is handling a credit card dispute, Calltree can identify that reps spend 30 seconds per call on manual data gathering and data entry, propose a solution, and measure the opex savings. Calltree surfaces these insights in an analytics tool and generates reports, making it easy for operation leaders to build business cases to prioritize improvements, realizing millions in opex savings. See us at https://calltree.ai
3347. durate : We make software to automate call shift scheduling for hospital residents/faculty and generally help hospital administrators keep track of their departments. Hospitals have long lists of requirements and rules they must follow, leading administrators to spend hundreds of hours a month ensuring their departments adhere to guidelines.
3348. bloomapi : BloomAPI simplifies how medical records are transferred. Today the majority of records are still moved by fax and couriers. Patients, Doctors, and Insurance companies all benefit when medical records are available when they are needed for the care of patients. We make this possible.
3349. surebright : SureBright lets e-commerce merchants embed "Apple Care” like product warranties into their checkout flows in less than 10 minutes. Our AI-powered warranty platform generates incremental revenue and boosts customer loyalty at zero cost to the merchant. Sanket led engineering at PolicyBazar, an insurance tech company that IPOed and is valued at over $8B. Manish worked at Amazon and has built $100M ARR products, handling over 180B requests per day. Until now, finding the right policy for any product and pricing it at the right price wasn’t possible at scale. We automated this process using LLM and have unlocked a $50B+ opportunity. Each month, over 5 million consumers view SureBright warranty offers.
3350. ambient-ai : Ambient.ai is a computer vision intelligence company transforming enterprise security operations to prevent security incidents before they happen. The Ambient.ai platform applies AI and computer vision intelligence to existing sensor and camera infrastructure to deliver continuous physical security monitoring and automate the immediate dispatch of human resources. Ambient.ai is the first platform that goes beyond basic motion detection and image recognition to achieve near-human perception with automated situational context. With physical security incidents on the rise and physical security organizations left under-resourced, Ambient.ai’s computer intelligence platform comes at a time of critical need, which is why the company has raised over $50 million from venture capital investors led by a16z. Today, large enterprises, schools and organizations – including many of the largest US tech companies and other Fortune 500 companies – use Ambient.ai to secure property, people, and assets from the most harrowing physical security threats. The company was founded in 2017 by experts in artificial intelligence from Stanford who previously built iconic products at Apple, Google, Microsoft and Dropbox. We are backed by Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), SV Angel, Y Combinator, and visionary angels like Jyoti Bansal, Mark Leslie and Elad Gil.
3351. posmetrics : Posmetrics provides innovative iPad-based customer feedback surveys that collect orders of magnitude more data than other technologies, provide relevant, real-time results, and generate actionable recommendations to help businesses and organizations improve their services.
3352. charityvest : Charityvest is the modern donor-advised fund, for individuals and corporations. - Make tax-smart contributions of cash, stock, crypto, equity and more to your DAF. - Invest your charitable balance for tax-free growth with low-cost ETFs. - Send grants to 1.4 million charities with a few clicks. - Receive one tax receipt for all of your giving.
3353. ordinary-seafood : We are a consumer facing biotech company using the power of plant protein and biotechnology to deliver the next generation of sustainable seafood. Our mission is to bring balance back into our food system by empowering people to make greener choices one bite at a time.
3354. orchata : Orchata is an app where you can get groceries & daily essentials delivered in 20 min in Latin America. All the way from fresh fruits, meat, alcohol, pharmacy, groceries, snacks and top e-commerce brands with no substitutes and at supermarket prices. We launched the service in Mexico and grew it from $0 to $6.3M in revenue and +30k customers. LATAM grocery is a huge US$ 451B market that is moving online fast. Orchata goes further with all-in-one software for darkstores around the city. We are following the Billion USD playbook that Gopuff built in the US.
3355. plexus : 
3356. brighterway : At Brighterway, we use AI to speed up the medical record review process for physicians in medlegal exams. Physicians spend hours reviewing thousands of pages of medical documents– our technology highlights the information that is most relevant to a doctor's specialty, streamlining their review process and saving them time. Brighterway structures and deduplicates disorganized medical records (PDFs) and extracts the content that is medically relevant and related to a doctor's specialty, so they can focus on what matters most.
3357. david-ai : 
3358. 1189 : Sixa delivers a full computer that operates right from the cloud via a client app. With Sixa you can forget about hardware upgrades and slow performance, and easily run any app, anytime, anywhere and on any device.
3359. sigmaos : SigmaOS is a new type of browser designed for founders, researchers, and content creators to make you better and faster at working on the web. You work 7+ hours a day on the web. Buried in a sea of 100+ tabs and 10+ web-apps 🤯, you constantly lose context for why you did what you did, and are always one click away from being distracted. We took apart the browser for you, and rebuilt a new experience from the ground-up, for the FASTEST and most PRODUCTIVE work. ⚡
3360. blackoaktv : BlackOakTV is a subscription video platform hyper-serving black viewers and creators. We make it easy for black viewers to find, watch and engage with the content and creators that most reflect their lives and experiences.
3361. subtrace : Subtrace is an observability platform that gives backend teams full visibility into every request. We bring all the critical details—payload, latency, status, headers, logs—into one clear, Chrome DevTools-like interface so that you can resolve production issues fast.
3362. degrees-of-freedom : Degrees of Freedom offers a high-quality, low-cost degree, by blending virtual and traditional college models. Our students learn on-campus, and online on-line, and in-VR from diverse Ivy League professors and master teachers-- all at the cost of the Pell Grant
3363. relace : Relace makes it easy for startups to fine tune and host LLMs for domain-specific tasks. We beat SOTA models on performance and speed by providing an opinionated, all-in-one fine tuning and inference stack.
3364. wit-ai : Natural Language for the Internet of Things. Wit.ai is an API that makes it easy for developers to build applications and devices that you can talk to. Any app, any device can use Wit.ai to take natural language input (speech or text message) from users and turn it into a command. Wit.ai is a Y Combinator company based in Palo Alto, and funded by Andreessen Horowitz.
3365. t3-chat-prev-ping-gg : We made: T3.Chat - The fastest AI chat bot ever UploadThing - File uploads for full-stack developers PicThing - Background removal for content creators Ping.gg - Live collaboration for streamers and podcasters
3366. the-juggernaut : The Juggernaut is a NY-based consumer subscription company and community for the South Asia-curious. Targeted subscription media is a valuable bet: Black Entertainment Television (BET) sold to Viacom for $2.3b in 2000 and Liberty Media valued Univision at $14b in 2017. The U.S. South Asia diaspora alone has over $1 trillion of spending power and is the fastest growing demographic in the U.S., yet is underserved. We're backed by some incredible investors, including Precursor Ventures (also in The Athletic, Superhuman), Kevin Lin (co-founder, Twitch), Adam Hansmann (co-founder, The Athletic), and Balaji Srinivasan (ex-Coinbase CTO, ex-GP a16z).
3367. jeugene : jEugene jumpstarts definitions checks. In seconds, it highlights undefined terms and unused definitions right in the text of documents, so that lawyers can focus on harder problems. Not so long ago, a corporate associate experienced firsthand the stress of definitions checking. Catching all undefined terms and unused definitions is hard, especially when time is short and terms complex.
3368. sciphi : Start your AI application with agentic RAG, ingestion, document management, and more.
3369. smartasset : SmartAsset is an online destination for consumer-focused financial information and advice. Reaching approximately 59 million people each month (as of January 2024) through its educational content and personalized calculators and tools, SmartAsset's mission is to help people make smart financial decisions. Additionally, SmartAsset powers SmartAsset AMP, a national marketplace connecting consumers to financial advisors. Building on SmartAsset’s relationship with millions of investors, SmartAsset AMP connects financial advisors directly with prospects who meet their target client profile. Our algorithm matches consumers with up to three fiduciary financial advisors. In 2023, SmartAsset helped advisors close an estimated $34 billion.
3370. kamion : Turkey is MENA’s largest economy, with ~850,000 independent truckers and a logistics market of 73 Billion USD. However, in its current state, freight forwarding for trucking relies on many phone calls, emails, and f2f conversations. Trucking is also fragmented, with SME fleets having ~95% market share. Kamion is the Uber for Trucks for Turkey. We connect businesses that are looking for trucks, with trucks that are looking for loads. We also utilize technology to do more with fewer people and collect data.
3371. pathmind : Pathmind helps industrial engineers and simulation modelers achieve 10-20% gains in performance for industrial operations, supply chains and mining. We help them apply deep reinforcement learning to simulations and digital twins, and deploy decision-making policies into operations.
3372. smarking : Smarking is a group of hyper-driven MIT PhDs, data scientists, engineers, transportation experts, and battle-tested business professionals working to solve the notorious parking problem via a unique enterprise approach. Smarking aims to enable highly efficient urban mobility by digitizing parking spaces and distributing parking inventory dynamically, in order to get the world ready for the connected, shared, and autonomous future. Backed by top VCs like Y Combinator and Khosla Ventures, Smarking has brought its solution to over 2,500 parking locations across North America. For the first time, cities, parking asset owners, and parking operators can make data-driven decisions easily. Smarking also launched the industry’s first fully automatic dynamic pricing engine, producing 40%-400% revenue uplifts for online sales at at parking locations Chicago, NYC, Boston, and many other cities.
3373. worksphere : Worksphere helps companies manage a hybrid workplace where employees work from the office and from home. We allow employees to reserve a desk, know who will be in office, and better coordinate in-person meetings. Companies can let go of unused office space and save money.
3374. jumpwire : JumpWire is a data protection platform that adds advanced data security controls between APIs, applications and databases. JumpWire automatically identifies sensitive properties inside large data sets and gives developers full control over which people and applications can access or update records containing sensitive info. Examples uses include restricting who can read customer PII to members of the customer service team, giving on-call engineers elevated access to production, or splitting user records between regions for GDPR purposes. JumpWire’s approach to securing data in-place minimizes the risk of data leaks exposing sensitive information or mishandling by other applications and vendors. The exact security scheme applied to data is defined by policies that align with an organization’s existing InfoSec program. JumpWire helps companies who maintain information security with compliance programs such as SOC or HIPAA. They are processing sensitive data, often from their own customers, and exceed security best practices as a competitive advantage. JumpWire provides defense at depth to data and sits alongside access controls and Layer 4 encryption to provide a comprehensive data security solution. JumpWire is unique from solutions such as data vaults by installing inside our customers’ own infrastructure and clouds. It is interoperable with existing applications and databases, which eliminates the need for large data migrations or code refactoring. Lower-level approaches to data security, such as encryption at rest, are too blunt and lack the ability to differentiate between properties in the data itself. Its scope is limited to physical storage, and security is lost as soon as an application or query loads the data.
3375. flirtey : Flirtey is the leading drone delivery service. We are reinventing the on-demand economy with our network of flying robots for last mile delivery. Our mission is to save lives and change lifestyles by making delivery instant. Flirtey’s drone delivery service is faster, more efficient and the ultimate customer experience. We’re rapidly growing our team and achieving a record number of historic firsts in the drone delivery industry, advancing autonomy, safety systems and advanced delivery technology. If you are interested in having your goods delivered via Flirtey, or joining the team that is transforming the delivery industry, visit www.flirtey.com Recent Company Milestones: - October 2017 – Announced a partnership to launch the first automated external defibrillator (AED) drone delivery service in the U.S. - January 2017 – Raised $16 million in Series A funding from top Silicon Valley investors. - August 2016 – Launched the world’s first commercial pizza-by-drone delivery model in partnership with Domino’s. - July 2016 – Conducted the first fully autonomous, FAA-approved drone delivery from a store to a home in partnership with 7-Eleven. - June 2016 – Completed the first fully autonomous, FAA-approved ship-to-shore drone delivery in collaboration with Johns Hopkins. - April 2016 – The Flirtey drone used to make the first FAA-approved delivery in the U.S. accepted into the Smithsonian’s National Air and Space Museum, alongside the Space Shuttle Discovery and the Wright Flyer. - March 2016 – Conducted the first fully autonomous, FAA-approved urban drone delivery in the U.S. - July 2015 – Completed the first FAA-approved drone delivery on U.S. soil in collaboration with NASA Langley Research Center. - Summer 2015 – Graduated Y Combinator. - 2013 – Founded the first drone delivery service in the world.
3376. acx : ACX is the only company that has successfully recreated synthetically the compounds that bacteria use to kill microbes for therapeutic development. Our patentable technology has applications in humans, animals, and crops. We are beginning with the elimination of crop pathogens—harmful to pests but beneficial for humans!
3377. humble-bundle : Humble Bundle is a distribution platform selling games, ebooks, software, and other digital content. Since Humble’s founding in 2010, our mission has been to support charity (“Humble”) while providing awesome content to customers at great prices (“Bundle”). We started by offering only game bundles, but have branched out to include an online storefront, a monthly subscription service, a publishing initiative, and lots more. We have raised over $250 million for charity. And we now have over 500,000 subscribers to our Humble Monthly. Join our award winning team by checking out our careers page at https://jobs.humblebundle.com
3378. rescue-forensics : Rescue Ops is a digital forensic that archives massive quantities of data from classified advertisement websites specializing in commercial sex ads for law enforcement agencies to use in anti-trafficking investigations.
3379. quadrant-health : 
3380. fixed : Fixed is the easiest way to fight a parking ticket. YOU HAVE A RIGHT TO FIGHT Up to 50% of tickets are dismissed when challenged. OUR EXPERTS CAN HELP We built a team of experts that know the parking rules inside-out. JUST TAKE A PHOTO Upload your ticket as a photo. We will take care of the rest. NO FEE TO CONTEST We only charge 25% of the fine if you win. You have nothing to lose.
3381. gbatteries : Our technology enables li-ion batteries to charge extremely fast while retaining long cycle life using smart control algorithms.
3382. dianahr : DianaHR is an AI-powered HR person for the 1.4 million SMBs with at least 10 employees. Today, SMB owners spend 10+ hours a week struggling with managing software, state compliance notices, benefits questions, onboarding, insurance, workers comp, 401k, etc. With DianaHR, a human-in-the-loop AI takes care of all that and delivers peace of mind.
3383. catch : Catch makes it easy for anyone who doesn't get benefits from an employer to set up and manage their own benefits package. We automatically withhold from each paycheck for tax withholding, time off, savings and retirement. We also help you find and enroll in the right health insurance plan and keep your premium payments on track. By connecting to your existing bank account, we monitor when you get paid, and act on a plan that can help keep you covered no matter what life throws at you.
3384. plate-iq : Plate IQ makes accounts payable simple. Automated accounts payable software replaces manual data entry by digitizing your invoices down to the line item, automatically assigning them your proper GL codes, syncing the information to your accounting software, and providing analytics around purchasing. Plate IQ also offers one-click bill pay, inventory, and cloud-based data storage that allows businesses to go paperless.
3385. brevy : Brevy is an AI chatbot that uses large language models to resolve eCommerce support tickets with human level accuracy at a fraction of the price.
3386. june : June is a plug & play product analytics for B2B SaaS. It automatically generates graphs of the metrics you should track, lets you view your company-level metrics, and zoom into them!
3387. arc : aerial videography
3388. conta-simples : Conta Simples is an all-in-one financial platform that combines checking account, expense management software and corporate cards, for Latam companies.
3389. lvl5 : 
3390. mth-sense : mth sense focuses on finding solutions to "blind" ads. mth sense offers its users an audience library to target certain demographics and psychographics.
3391. revery-ai : We are building the TikTok for fashion — a platform for creators to showcase their works, gain traction and build their brands. ### Reverie is powered by two pieces of core technology: - An AI-enhanced design tool for creators to turn their design ideas into e-commerce quality product images very efficiently. - An AI-powered Virtual Dressing Room to create professional fashion photography directly from product images. Both fashion creators and other users can easily style outfits on different models. With our core tech, we are building an active community of fashion creators (designers, stylists, influencers, bloggers, artists, casting directors, etc..) who produce original designs and engaging content around the published pieces. The social media platform will provide a streamlined path for fashion creators to experiment with their ideas and build traction. We want to eventually become the default choice for anyone who wants to launch their fashion label, and have the future Off-White, Balenciaga, Rick Oven, etc. originate from Reverie. Our team combines deep expertise in technology (AI Phds) and the fashion industry (Community builder). Our Virtual Dressing room is live with top retailers (such as Neiman Marcus) and has ~1M ARR. We are backed by YCombinator, TSVC, Cabra VC, and other amazing angels with retail experience and connections. Join us to reshape the fashion industry!
3392. pipeshift : Pipeshift is a modular orchestration platform for building with open-source AI components — embeddings, vector databases, LLMs, vision models and audio models — across any cloud or on-prem. Enterprises get to deploy their AI workloads in production faster and more reliably. Additionally, as we see more model and hardware architectures coming in the market, Pipeshift future-proofs the infrastructure investments by offering flexibility through their modular MLOps stack that allows enterprises to bring down their GPU infrastructure costs without any additional engineering efforts on their end.
3393. bitnami : Packaged Applications for Any Platform. Bitnami has automated the ability to package, deploy and maintain applications, lowering the barrier to adoption for anyone to deploy and maintain a full spectrum of server applications, development stacks and infrastructure applications in virtually any format. Simply click to deploy any one of 120+ ready-to-run applications from the Bitnami Application Catalog or use Bitnami Stacksmith to package and migrate your custom in-house applications to the cloud. For more information, visit www.Bitnami.com, or follow us on Twitter (@Bitnami) and Facebook.
3394. ember-copilot : At Ember, we're tackling one of healthcare's most costly and overlooked challenges: the massive inefficiency in clinical documentation and revenue cycle management. Medical practices lose billions annually due to incomplete documentation, missed billing opportunities, and denied claims - issues that stem from antiquated systems that force clinicians to choose between patient care and paperwork. We combine ambient listening technology with deep understanding of medical billing requirements to eliminate the administrative burden that plagues healthcare providers.
3395. woz : Woz is an AI platform that enables anyone to build and scale software businesses - no coding required. Historically, the ability to write code and architect software served as a massive barrier to business building. Woz eliminates this barrier with a team of AI agents that enable anyone, regardless of technical ability, to build products, go to market and grow a business all on one platform without a technical cofounder or inhouse engineering team. Our first customers include a personal trainer building a fitness app for his clients, a property manager building a tool for managing security deposits, a doctor launching a coaching program to augment GLP1s and more. Ultimately, Woz aims to be the default platform where millions of AI-enabled entrepreneurs launch and scale businesses. Woz is built by a team of engineers and ML scientists who've worked together building complex AI systems for the last decade. We're backed by YC, Untapped Ventures, MGV and more.
3396. actiondesk : As easy and flexible as a spreadsheet, as powerful as a BI tool
3397. traceloop : Traceloop monitors the quality of your LLM application in production. It provides you with alerts, insights and gradual rollout capabilities to confidently deploy changes to your prompts and model configurations.
3398. zepto : We deliver groceries in 10 minutes through a network of optimized micro-warehouses or 'dark stores' that we build across cities in India. We're currently doing hundreds of millions of dollars in annual sales with best-in-class unit economics - come join us!
3399. petasales : 
3400. pluto-markets : Technology is a massive enabler for stock market participation. This was the case when the phone, the internet and apps were invented granting access for more people. For 100m Europeans living in countries without the Euro however, there has been no innovation for the past 30 years. High commissions, clunky interface, high minimum amounts and a brand that speaks to the few. We are on a mission to drive financial inclusion by bridging the innovation gap for the overlooked regions of the EU.
3401. almond : Almond is like One Medical but for women’s health: we make it easy to get great ObGyn care fast, both at our in-person offices and over telehealth. The problem with traditional ObGyn practices is that physician time is misused, so patients get slow care. We're rebuilding back-office tech that saves physicians time, and we're hiring a wider range of care providers roles, which let us deliver better outcomes to patients and reduce the amount of time it takes to get their issue resolved.
3402. coral-genomics : Coral integrates molecular, functional, and clinical factors to create new clinical laboratory tests that predict optimal treatments for autoimmune diseases. We have also identified a unique subpopulation of patients who do not respond to current therapies and are working towards addressing this unmet medical need.
3403. elessar : Elessar boosts engineering productivity by integrating with your existing ecosystem of tools to automatically generate changelogs, streamline communications, and provide AI-powered reporting to engineers & managers.
3404. pelago : Pelago, formerly Quit Genius, is the world’s leading virtual clinic for substance use management. We are transforming substance use support—from prevention to treatment—delivering education, management skills, and opportunities for positive change to members struggling with substance use, most commonly tobacco, alcohol, or opioids. Our solution gives employers the means to offer on-demand, personalized support to workers seeking to live healthier lives. Pelago’s cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and medication-assisted treatment (MAT) programs deliver convenient, accessible, and effective support that seamlessly integrates with health plans, pharmacy benefit managers, and wellness platforms. To date, Pelago has helped more than 750,000 members manage their substance use and improve their lives.
3405. adaptyv : Proteins are the most advanced nanotechnology we know of. At Adaptyv, we’re building a fully automated protein foundry to allow you to synthesize and test any protein you design.
3406. ilabservice : We provide SaaS solution to boost your operational efficiency, enhance your safety management. One stop oversight of your lab operation and resource management, such as " Man, Machine, Material, Method and Health and Safety".
3407. proper : Proper provides software & APIs to help companies manage their payments data across providers. We connect banks, API providers, and networks in a single platform and provide automated reconciliation and accounting, so companies can maintain financial accuracy at scale. Our integrated financial operating system gives companies a unified back-office data platform across their services and providers. With Proper, companies can spend less time on low-level financial system infrastructure and more time focused on building for their end-users.
3408. truevault : TrueVault builds software tools that help businesses comply with consumer data privacy laws. We believe if businesses have access to products that make getting and staying compliant simple, straightforward, and fully automated, respecting consumers' data privacy becomes the sensible default. And we all benefit from that.
3409. runa : Runa is a modern, cloud-based payroll and human resources software built for companies in Latin America. Companies can manage payroll, human resources, time tracking, performance management and reporting all in one platform.
3410. rever : We receive any product in 24h anywhere on the planet, but... Why can't we also return & get refunded just as quickly? REVER is a game-changing shopping experience that makes eCommerce returns possible in 2 clicks and refunds in 24h. The REVER team is shaping the future of eCommerce bringing frictionless, superfast and sustainable returns to everyone, anytime, anywhere. Because returning should be as easy as buying. REVER's ambition is to dominate ALL eCommerce post-sale services by creating the world's first global platform for online returns. REVER is currently handling +100M€ in yearly returns, with more than 50M€ in revenues If you are an eCommerce and want to revolutionise your returns experience find out more at: www.itsrever.com
3411. dropleaf : Dropleaf is a response to an industry that could be so much better than it is. They want to provide everyone with a never ending stream of transformative experiences, but doing that is going to require us to change the space around games. Players need to be able to find the experiences that feel made for them, and the community around those games has to be welcoming and inclusive. Independent developers, meanwhile, need a way to improve discoverability, extend their revenue stream and find a space in which content is rewarded based on quality, not marketing budget. They are working to fix every one of those problems. They have built a discovery system that’s going to help you find games you truly love. Our community is a work in progress, but you can learn more on our blog. And our library is going to keep growing, so that when you finish one great game, you’ll find another that you’d swear was made with you in mind.
3412. paid : Paid is an API for invoicing. Paid helps company manage their accounts receiving with a seamless integration into any tech stack. We help you track expenses, generate & issue invoices, remind customers of outstanding payments and reconcile your accounts—all with about 30 minutes development time. API - Automate Everything Paid allows you to automate every step of your accounts receivable. In a few lines of code you can create invoices, issue them, and accept payments. Paid makes the invoicing/billing process fully automatic, freeing up time to focus on core business responsibilities. Customize Everything Your company, your way of doing things. Paid is fully customizable from branding, billing terms, payment methods and more. Paid can be adapted to any business model. Track Everything How much revenue is currently outstanding? How much is overdue? Who has already paid and does so on a regular basis? Everything you and your Finance Department need can be seen on our dashboard and exported for Accounting. Grow With Paid Whether it’s 10 or 10,000,000 invoices, Paid has a solution that will enable you to scale without the normal growing pains.
3413. mio : Mio powers seamless communication between Slack, Microsoft Teams & Webex Teams. The Austin, Texas-based company was founded by Tom Hadfield and James Cundle in November 2015. M.io has raised $12m from investors including Goldcrest Capital, Eniac Ventures, Two Sigma Ventures, Khosla Ventures, Y Combinator and Capital Factory. Ready to sync your teams? Learn more and get started at https://m.io/
3414. airfordable : Airfordable is payment plans for airline tickets. The service allows users to secure tickets with a deposit upfront and pay the remaining balance in recurring payments before the departure date.
3415. matrubials-inc : Matrubials is an anti-infectives company, focused on human milk peptides as therapeutics to address antimicrobial resistance and modern diseases. Currently the global rise in severe bacterial infections and the drying pipeline of effective treatments are burdensome for healthcare and economics. Sculpted by evolution, milk, first food for the newborn, provides an exemplary solution to address the nutritive and protective challenges an infant is faced with. The anti-pathogenic molecules from milk can be developed into therapeutics geared towards all-age diseases. Our first indication is bacterial vaginosis, a bacterial dysbiosis related inflammation that results in recurrent infections, disruption of homeostasis and long-term clinical complications in women of reproductive age, including but not limited to preterm births, fertility issues and increased rates of STDs. Our next inflection point is the evaluation of rapidly acting and selective candidate peptides in pre-clinical host impact and early safety studies, which can aid clinical and portfolio development towards topical applications.
3416. markprompt : Close customer support tickets faster with AI. We’re building AI infrastructure to power customer support at scale. With Markprompt, companies can automate customer support, scale without increasing headcount, and deliver exceptional user experiences. Scaling customer support with headcount is expensive, with human resources accounting for 90%+ of customer support expenses. On top of that, customer support agents often burn out leading to turnover and reduced quality. As companies grow, so does their expert knowledge, which is hard to access at scale and makes keeping employees up-to-date nearly impossible. Markprompt addresses the root of the information access problem by indexing all available knowledge within a company, setting the foundation for a robust system of record to feed the AI. Built from the ground up with an API-first approach, Markprompt provides SDKs (such as React hooks and components) and no-code tools to enable integrations at all touchpoints in the customer journey.
3417. naborly : Naborly has reinvented how credit reports and scores work for the rental industry to help landlords know who they're renting to, while helping tenants build credit by just paying their rent.
3418. sei : Simplify your regulatory compliance. Sei's AI agents sit alongside your risk and compliance teams, amplifying impact and scale
3419. digi-prex : 
3420. lumona : Lumona is an AI-enabled search engine featuring insights from social media. When you’re looking to buy a new phone, instead of adding reddit to the end of your search and opening tabs of threads that take forever to get through, you can search on Lumona to get all of that processed for you on one page so you can make the best decision while saving time.
3421. covela : Covela helps small businesses and freelancers in LATAM find the right insurance coverage, at the right price in less than 15 minutes.
3422. heyzap : Heyzap is a premier mobile ad network that helps millions of users discover apps they love. Heyzap’s SDK for Android and iOS apps allows both well-established app producers and innovative indie developers to monetize and bring their apps to a wide audience. It currently provides advertising, publishing, mediation, and cross-promotion services to mobile developers worldwide. Heyzap is based in San Francisco and was founded in 2009 by Jude Gomila and Immad Akhund.
3423. zergo : 
3424. dex : Dex is a personal CRM that reminds you to keep in touch with the people you would otherwise forget. Dex helps turn your acquaintances into your allies. Going beyond the superficiality of social networks requires commitment. If you remember to keep in touch thoughtfully, you can turn the interesting person you met at a networking event into a friend that has your back. I built Dex after failing to keep up with the tools I tried (Airtable, Notion, etc) for relationship management. Installing an actual CRM like Hubspot felt like a wrong fit for my informal relationships -- these people were 'my team,' not customers. Dex is a lightweight personal CRM that’s easy to stick with. Key to Dex is a Chrome extension that enables you to manage relationships while you’re in Facebook, Messenger, Twitter, and the social apps you already use. Dex can also send you actionable reminders (daily, or based on your calendar events) to log your interactions for next time. By using Dex, you can: - Build stronger relationships, by sending you a nudge to follow-up. - Be more thoughtful, by helping you remember where you left off. - Become a superconnector, by making connections you wouldn’t otherwise remember.
3425. pronto : PRONTO is the first RIDE-SHARING + DELIVERY platform for SECOND-TIER cities in LATAM. In second-tier cities all transactions are paid with cash, this is why the Uber model doesn´t work (since they have to collect their revenue from commissions). We solved this by creating a subscription model where drivers pay a monthly recurring subscription of 59 to 99 USD depending on their monthly revenue. This also generates a higher LTV with low CAC as well as high engagement and fidelity ratios. Traction: Since our launch, we have achieved over 2,000,000 processed trips with more than 200,000 users, we bootstrapped until we achieved half a million trips and entered YC. Market Size: There are over 14,000 second-tier cities in LATAM, with more than 500 million people without any access to ride-sharing or technology platforms at all.
3426. wefunder : We help everyone invest in startups that they care about. We believe that when all Americans can invest in innovation, the world will be a better place. And soon, our dream will become a reality. Thanks to the JOBS Act, everyone — not just the wealthy — can invest as little as $100 in the startups they care about. Not only does this open up the pool of investors, and increase the amount of great ideas that get funded, but it allows startups to grow an army of passionate investors who truly want to see them succeed. Second tier VC’s will become obsolete as startups tap their lead users and customers for quick early investments.
3427. asseta : Asseta is an online marketplace for used capital equipment and parts. We utilize innovative software to bring buyers and sellers together so you can efficiently and transparently collaborate during equipment transactions. Our web based platform ensures easy price discovery for interested parties and high touch customer service. Today over $100B is spent on used manufacturing equipment offline via brokers and middlemen. This huge but un-sexy market has yet to be transformed by technology. The incumbent firms rely on large sales forces and the fragmentation of the market to charge huge margins. We believe in a better solution. Founded in 2013, Asseta is Y Combinator backed startup based in Newport Beach. For more information, visit www.asseta.com. Check out our AngelLilst profile here: https://angel.co/asseta?ref=startup_card
3428. underground-cellar : Underground Cellar is a leading wine e-commerce company that is changing the way wine is bought and sold in the $70B consumer US wine market through ‘gamification’. We provide a unique and exciting experience that gives wine buyers a great value by using upgrades instead of discounts. Wine sellers love Underground Cellar too as it allows them to quickly sell bottles while protecting their brand.
3429. selera-medical : Heart failure impacts millions worldwide and is associated with poor quality of life and high mortality rates. Because the heart cannot pump efficiently, fluids buildup around the body. Fluid overload is the main driver behind patient symptoms (shortness of breath, fatigue, chest pain, etc.) and hospitalizations. Our minimally invasive device leverages the body's innate fluid management system to offload trapped fluid and prevent subsequent rounds of buildup. The one-time procedure has sustained effect -- keeping patients healthier, happier, and out of the hospital.
3430. velos : Velos helps non-technical operations teams automate complex, manual back-office tasks with AI workers instead of overseas teams. Unlike traditional robotic process automation (RPA) platforms like UiPath, Velos automations use machine learning to reliably handle ambiguities in their tasks, eliminating the need for an army of maintenance engineers and consultants to build and maintain your automations. We're automating the repetitive work people hate to do.
3431. sendblue : Sendblue provides businesses with virtual iMessage lines to text prospects and nurture leads. Our users on average see a 60% increase in response rate. The company is founded by Rob Haber, former ML Engineer at Scale AI, and Alex Luis, former PM at PwC's telecom practice.
3432. andy-ai : Andy is AI software that completes documentation for nurses doing home visits. Our software saves $8B a year; Tiantian was previously a PM at Google’s healthcare business and Max was a staff engineer on the health team at Apple. Andy benefits nurses and the agencies that employ them. Agencies that use Andy see up to 45% more detailed charts, 2x greater nurse productivity, and timely submission (no more billing delays!) With Andy, clinicians get their evenings back. Home health is the fastest growing segment of healthcare, doubling to $251B by 2031. Combined with recent nursing shortages and burnout, we’re seeing not just urgency, but excitement and joy, around adopting AI for home health.
3433. boundary-layer-technologies : Boundary Layer Technologies is building the next generation of water mobility, starting with a ultra-performances electric foiling water craft called Valo. Valo flies 2ft above the water at 58mph, in silence, with no waves or emissions, and will be the most exhilarating thing on the water.
3434. govly : 🏛 Govly makes it easier to sell to the government We... 🗄 Centralize government opportunities Govly starts out with sam.gov opportunities then allows you to ingest any other contract feed. You can create targeted searches to find what you're looking and get notified immediately when a new opportunity matches any of your saved searches. 🤝 Facilitate internal and external collaboration You can easily track what you're working on and see what your team is working on. You can also partner with other organizations in the Govly network to securely share data back and forth and collaborate on bids. 🤖 Automate repetitive tasks You can automate repetitive task related to specific contracting workflows saving users an average of 10 hours per week. 📊 Provide market analytics You can use our advanced searching alongside our analytics dashboard to identify trends and new business opportunities.
3435. retell-ai : The leading platform for building and managing AI voice agents that revolutionize contact center operations.
3436. telli : telli is building AI voice agents that convert leads into sales opportunities for B2C companies. For example, a leading home-buying platform is using telli to fully automate their pre-qualification. We are serving customers in energy, real estate, medical products, and home services. You might think that these B2C companies want to do more self-serve and less outreach. But the truth is outbound calls are what really drive conversion. Historically, managing these calls has been complex and expensive—costing companies hundreds of thousands of dollars. With telli, for the first time, B2C companies can automate the role of a pre-sales agent, end to end.
3437. getaccept : Close more deals by sending sales content with personalized video reminders, live chat and e-signature. We’re the Digital Sales Room platform for the best remote selling experience. Today we are the fourth fastest growing SaaS company in the world and our platform is used in over 50 countries. From four founders, to over 200 employees worldwide in five years, and we still love every second of being a part of the journey. We have high hopes on what’s to come and could not be more excited for the future!
3438. revolve-surgical : Revolve is building the world’s only surgical robot designed for every operating room. Its simple yet powerful design makes it the only robot that can service the 1M+ abdominal surgeries performed outside of hospitals in the US every year. Revolve’s surgical robotics platform has been developed in collaboration with over 50 surgeons, resulting in a system that is just 1% of the size and cost of competitor devices.
3439. olympian-motors : Olympian Motors is an electric vehicle company, based in New York. We are manufacturing electric vehicles with our innovative 'modular' vehicle & drivetrain architecture (MVDS), providing Olympian with strong cost and lead-time advantages compared to legacy automakers like Tesla and Ford. Olympian is disrupting 120+ years old automotive industry and targeting to capture 7% market share in the U.S. automotive market by 2030. We changed the status-quo in automotive design, and bring aesthetic, color, experience and minimalism back to the cars. Olympian MVDS has a 'Lego-like' architecture and built on 4-core-hardware and 2-software modules. We achieved 80% reduction in tooling & machinery costs and built ~60% faster production lead time. We aim to reinvent the car manufacturing and bringing agility, speed and cost-efficiency back to the U.S. automotive industry. + Received 214 pre-orders for Olympian Model O1 ($17M+ pre-booked revenue) + Started manufacturing our EVs in Brooklyn & Detroit facilities. 2023 capacity: 320 vehicles + Pending traffic approval from NHTSA + Modular vehicle/drivetrain + Modular manufacturing: 4-hardware + 1-sofware modules. ~60% faster production lead time. 80% reduction in tooling, fitment and labor expenses. + Commercial Launch in Q3/2023. Unlike other EV companies, we don't waste time/resources. (It took 9+ years for Lucid and 11+ years for Rivian to make their first shipment). + Super-competitive battery efficiency in urban areas (Olympian early prototypes achieved slightly better miles/kwh efficiency than Tesla Model 3 and Rivian). + Carbon-sequestered and recyclable materials for +4% of vehicle components. Olympian rejects today's commoditized and banal car experience. + We challenge the status-quo in automotive. + We prioritize aesthetic, nature and minimalism. + We use steel and wood in Olympian cars rather than not cheap plastic and toxic chemicals. + We have minimalistic cockpit, powered by Olympian Operating System (OOS)
3440. weave-2 : Weave delivers a personalized professional introduction every week (YCS14) Follow us :) Twitter: @startweaving, #startweaving Facebook: weavenetworking Website: http://www.weave.in/ Email: lisa@weave.in Happy Weaving! The Weave Team
3441. freestyle : Ben and Jacob met in Calculus class in 10th grade, and tried founding a startup in high school — it didn’t go anywhere, but it taught them a ton. During high school, Ben lead the frontend team for the World Health Organization’s COVID-19 App Team. After high school, Jacob went to Apple and Ben went to college. When there was an opening on his team, Jacob had Ben apply, and Ben left UChicago to go work at Apple. They spent about 2 years at Apple as Senior Engineers in the Conversational Engineering Department, before leaving to found Freestyle. Freestyle is directly inspired by what they saw as their failures of the tech they worked with at Apple.
3442. motionlead : Motionlead empowers advertisers and publishers to reach their audience through a unique advertising experience thanks to transparent, animated and interactive ads that come on top of native and web apps without stopping user navigation
3443. gitprime : Acquired by Pluralsight in May 2019
3444. rollstack-2 : Who hasn't spent hours creating or updating slide decks and documents with the latest data? Teams spend between 5h and 12h per week updating slides and docs. And in 75% of the cases, slides are reused. • Rollstack allows teams to automatically create and update Google slides and PowerPoint presentations with the latest data from their BI tools, CRMs, and data warehouse. • Rollstack helps teams automate their business reviews, financial reporting, and client presentations by scheduling updates, creating decks programmatically, and version control. • Rollstack also generates insights automatically from your visualizations and datasets.
3445. yoneda-labs : Yoneda Labs provides software to help chemists optimise reactions. When chemists make a drug or a material, we help them figure out the best reaction parameters such as temperature, concentration and catalyst. When Jan was working at chemical labs, he experienced the struggle of spending weeks guessing reaction conditions. We then started experimenting with ML to speed up the process. Now, as a team of three friends from the University of Cambridge, we’ve spent the last month combining our domain expertise in Computer Science, Machine Learning and Chemistry to develop state of the art models for reaction optimisation. Although ML is becoming well established in other fields, current chemical models generalise poorly and require lots of programming experience. We make our models easily accessible to chemists in the lab. Finding the right conditions quickly allows pharmaceutical companies to test more drugs, and finding better optima makes manufacturing process cheaper and more environmentally friendly.
3446. endpoint-health : Endpoint Health is on a mission to address urgent needs in immune-driven critical and chronic illnesses by delivering therapies that are personalized to each patient’s biology. We built Endpoint Health from the ground up to develop and commercialize therapeutics and therapy-guiding tests, to ensure that every patient receives personalized treatment that will dramatically improve their outcomes. Our vision is a world in which all patients have effective, personalized treatment, because therapies are targeted to the right patient at the right time.
3447. levers : Levers is an accounts receivable management SaaS that helps B2B companies reduce overdue payments, accelerate cash collection, and boost cashflow. Our software integrates with your accounting system and streamlines your AR process using personalized reminders, cross-team collaboration tools, collection performance analytics, and more.
3448. lowkey : Lowkey was acquired on 11/30/2021 :)
3449. turntable : Turntable allows less technical analysts to build their own data pipelines. Companies use our AI-native workspace to scale their analytics without hiring more engineers. If you use DBT or Airflow- or you're building out your data stack for the first time- please reach out!
3450. okcredit : Today, over 50 million SMBs issue informal credit in India, This is a hugely manual process which they spend hours tracking, reconciling, and collecting! The 50M SMBs in India account for 40% of the nation’s GDP. As much as 60% of their sales happen on credit. That’s ~24% of the country’s GDP (500B$) lying on paper! OKCREDIT as a company came into existence to start solving the most important problem of credit recovery in MSMEs. We as first movers developed a bookkeeping app that would help any merchant sitting at the remotest corner of the country with internet connectivity to record his transactions digitally. We helped them track the credit given to their customers and suppliers. With our Okcredit app a merchant can track the amount of credit given, monitor credit limit, send reminders and eventually can collect faster from their customers. So as a company our vision was to bring the data dark merchants onto the digital platform. We have changed the way the MSMEs record the transactions and eased their life today.
3451. 8vdx : 8vdx is building fine tuned AI/ML models to massively scale up the capabilities for hedge funds and private credit funds to analyze, underwrite and manage debt securities. 8vdx also manages a venture marketplace, eightcapital.com, which raises funds from accredited investors to invest in venture debt and equity of Y Combinator startups.
3452. vendr-com : Vendr helps software buyers pay less for software and helps software sellers acquire customers at a lower CAC -- a no brainer for both buyers and sellers. $4 billion+ of software transacted on Vendr, across 2,500+ software sellers.
3453. alice-tech : Alice turns generic course materials into personalized learning and exam prep using AI. Students simply upload what they want to study and instantly get access to: (1) Better understanding: Key topic overviews and explanations with personalized support through an AI chat that knows their context. (2) Effective practicing: Exercises tailored to their needs (level, format, curriculum, etc.), including flashcards, multiple-choice questions, and full exam simulations. (3) Targeted improvement: Identification of weaknesses across topics to enable more targeted and complete learning. Plus, learning becomes more engaging with Alice—students can study with friends and challenge each other, making the experience both fun and effective. Over 2,000 students have already used Alice, and we are growing MRR +30% MoM for B2C alone, while gaining first traction in B2B on top.
3454. devyce : Devyce is building the global mobile network for business. Right now, we give your employees a business phone number in an app, on their personal phone, instantly, alongside a portal for analytics, management and integrations. Nick has a background in recruiting and real estate and understands the pain points these industries face with hybrid working, while Ed has a solid tech background including a CS degree from Cambridge. Because of our relationship with a mobile network operator, we have the unfair advantage that we will actually become a mobile network, unlike other SaaS VoIP providers. https://devyce.com/
3455. oki : Oki unifies Slack, Github, and every engineering workflow into an AI-driven dashboard, so leaders can track progress, optimize resources, and boost productivity.
3456. promptless : Promptless automatically updates your customer-facing documentation, including tutorials, how-to guides, API specs, knowledge bases, support articles, and blog posts. This content is often one of the first points of contact between your product and its users. Clear, accurate, and up-to-date docs are critical, influencing buying decisions, reducing support overhead, and increasing LTV. Providers like Readme and Mintlify effectively host your docs, but keeping them updated remains a serious challenge. Working alongside your hosting provider, Promptless lets you configure triggers so that your docs get automatically updated upon new feature releases, developer support questions, or internal use-case discussions. Promptless integrates directly with your organization’s entire knowledge ecosystem – issue trackers, internal knowledge bases, support ticket systems, and more – leading to holistic doc updates without expensive coordination between product, engineering, and support teams. With Promptless, documentation becomes a strategic advantage for growth, not a bottleneck or a liability.
3457. bistrobot : Bistrobot makes robots that make sandwiches. No more long lines and no more wrong orders, just good food fast. And the coolest part is you get to watch a robot make you lunch.
3458. cadence : 
3459. podcast-app : We’re a team of podcast fanatics with more than 20 years of combined experience in the audio space. We are building the fastest-growing podcast player and are now backed by YCombinator (W18). At Podcast App, we are building an audio platform to help millions of people in their pursuit of happiness. Under one roof, we bring the best and most powerful podcasts, audiobooks, and meditations from leading minds and experts around the world. Our love for podcasts began when we discovered their power to make our ordinary day-to-day tasks more enjoyable and meaningful. Podcasts helped transform tedious activities like commutes or household chores into more positive experiences, helping us learn new skills, stay informed, or pass the time with captivating stories. We want to help people in their pursuit of happiness. We’ve been podcast aficionados for years, and, even for us, finding the right one to listen to is difficult and frustrating. With tens of millions to choose from and more being released every day, the problem’s only getting worse. It’s time to fix this problem. Americans spend 30 billion hours every year commuting and doing household chores. We want to make those hours worthwhile. By building technology that makes it easy to access great podcasts, we’ll help millions of people reclaim lost time and experience more fun, inspiration, and personal growth every day. Our product, Podcast App, is a minimalist podcast player enhanced with cutting-edge technology. We leverage machine learning to build customized podcast playlists for our users based on their interests and tastes. If you want to get in touch, email us at hello@podcast.app.
3460. roboflow : Roboflow enables developers to make the world programmable. Use our tools to build better datasets (collect image, video / annotate), models (foundation and fine tuned small models), and deployments (self hosted, edge, APIs, SDKs) for computer vision. Over 250k developers, including those from over half the Fortune 100, build with our open source and hosted tools. Build with us: https://app.roboflow.com Hack with us: https://roboflow.slab.com/public/posts/roboflow-hackathons-external-u478m1iz Work with us: roboflow.com/careers
3461. pretzel-ai : **Jupyter is used by millions** of data scientists and analysts but it has _many_ problems. **Pretzel fixes Jupyter's problems** with native AI-tooling, collaboration, modern code-editing features, native SQL support and a visual, AI-assisted data exploration and dashboarding suite. **We're two ex-Stripe founders**. Prasoon worked as a Data Scientist at Stripe, Goldman Sachs and Klarna for over 7 years. We recently launched on GitHub and got **1000 GitHub stars in two weeks**, 500+ DAU, usage at large companies like Stripe and Bayer and 7 new code contributors.
3462. flo-recruit : 
3463. readme : ReadMe provides every company the ability to easily create beautiful documentation, and build loyal, productive developer communities. With ReadMe, build developer portals that combine support, tutorials, topical guides and API exploration. ReadMe makes it trivial to keep docs up-to-date and has community oriented features that help drive adoption. Wanna see what it'd look like to work at ReadMe? Our careers page takes a stab at it! https://readme.com/careers
3464. pibit-ai : Pibit transform loss run files into comprehensive reports with actionable insights, helping carriers and MGAs enhance underwriting efficiency and make better, more accurate decisions.
3465. weilos : Weilos is a safe community for people to share their fitness updates to inspire others and receive support. Users view real body transformations and healthy photo updates from other dieters on a streaming newsfeed. They can then post themselves to receive support and tips from other like minded people. The app also has a special camera tool so users can take perfectly lined up progress photos to visualize their smallest improvements.
3466. pyrls : Pyrls is a website and mobile app that enables healthcare providers to more effectively prescribe, dispense, and educate patients on their prescriptions. Currently trusted by 50,000+ clinicians and trainees and hundreds of organizations, Pyrls is building the future of how clinicians learn and manage their clinical practice information.
3467. famegame : 
3468. blaze : Blaze uses AI and automation to scan millions of online signals to help modern companies target the right potential customers as soon as they show interest.
3469. manara : Manara untaps the human potential in the Arab world and helps global tech companies access high-quality, diverse talent. We identify the top software engineers in the region and offer them a last-mile solution to land their dream jobs: interview preparation and referrals.
3470. chartio : Chartio is a cloud-based data exploration solution for all. Easily connect your data and create powerful dashboards in minutes, without any SQL knowledge.
3471. clickpe : Small shop owners earn daily unlike salaried people but when it comes to loan repayment both are asked to pay monthly. For these shop owners it is difficult to calculate how much to save daily so that they will have the required installment amount at the end of the month and also at the time of repayment they have a big hole in their working capital. Therefore, when you earn daily why not pay daily and get away from the stress of huge one-time installments. Every day a small amount of $X is deducted from your digital wallet which is on the auto-debit mandate and you don't need to worry about keeping your balance of $XXXX. You never default and also good credit scores are created.
3472. granza-bio : Granza Bio is a biotechnology company developing a novel delivery "shell" platform to direct therapeutic cargo to specific tissues. Their proprietary delivery vehicles are designed using non-immunogenic proteins equipped with a targeting receptor, achieving targeted tropism to organs of interest. These vehicles offer higher stability than conventional lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) and can encompass a variety of cargo, including proteins, DNA, and RNA. For their lead candidate, Granza Bio is leveraging the discovery of the immune system's powerful suite of weapons, "attack particles". Utilizing their advanced delivery platform, they aim to target these "attack particles" against a range of diseases such as cancer, autoimmune disorders, and infections. Interested to know more? Get in touch info@granzabio.com!
3473. haplotype-labs : We're building the HaploHub: a SaaS platform for genetic testing labs, concierge medical practices, and payer/providers to: * predict disease risk for their patients based on proprietary or publicly available genetic models * securely host, manage, and interrogate the genetic data of their population * generate reports and run the most common inference algorithms (phasing, imputation, ibd, etc.) without writing code
3474. medisas : Healthcare is broken and underserved by technology. Hospital software is too complicated, too convoluted, and too disconnected. Doctors and nurses spend more time clicking through prompts than checking in on patients, and the quality of care suffers as a result. We're going to change that, and have been able to do so for the care teams of half a million patients and counting.
3475. retailready : Every time workers in a warehouse box an order, they reference a 100 page manual with instructions like where to put the shipping label. RetailReady replaces the instruction manual with a tablet application.
3476. talkable : Talkable (formerly Curebit) helps online stores increase revenue through referrals by turning existing customers into marketers. When customers check out from a Talkable-enabled store, they are presented personalized deals that they can gift to their friends by posting to Facebook or forwarding a link. The deals give both the the original customer and their referred friends a rebate on their purchase at this store.
3477. swing-education : We believe in applying technology to take away the pain of K-12 operations. This means more time and focus available for students and families. Failing to fill a substitute teacher opening causes teachers, school leaders, and administrators to shuffle around to cover gaps. There's also the time spent on the tedious logistical issues of finding, recruiting, screening, scheduling and paying contract substitute teachers. That's why they introduced SwingSubs: so schools don't have to worry about any of those things and can focus on the important stuff.
3478. permutive : As third-party identifiers like the cookie disappear, ad-tech breaks—targeting, frequency capping and measurement disappear. We're rebuilding data infrastructure in advertising to work with cohorts—privacy safe descriptions of users—which enable advertising use cases without the need for sharing personal identifiers. We do this by moving data processing and management out of the cloud, and on to the user's device.
3479. codingal : Codingal (www.codingal.com) is a leading online after-school where kids & teens learn coding from expert instructors through live, interactive classes. Our mission is to build the world’s largest & most loved programming school for kids & teens, powered by human & AI tutors. Many countries have great technical universities but literally zero programming education at the K-12 level. Parents want their kids to get started with programming earlier, and that's why they use Codingal. All our instructors come from Computer Science background, and they are rigorously vetted and trained. Every student gets a personalized learning path and individual attention in 1:1 private classes or small group classes with expert instructors. Students learn by building apps, games, animations, and websites in a fun & engaging way. Kids find it so fun & engaging that NPS is just outstanding - 86. They have rated teachers at 4.9 out of 5. Curriculum content is rated at 4.8 out of 5. Codingal is on a mission to inspire kids to fall in love with coding, and provide the right education to them who will be able to create anything they can imagine and build the future when they grow up to become entrepreneurs, engineers, and scientists.
3480. artifact-2 : Artifact is a 2D electrical system CAD tool leveraging AI to automate tedious, error-prone tasks: datasheet ingestion, multi-fidelity system design, and manufacturing documentation
3481. interana : Scuba is the fast and scalable event-based analytics solution to answer critical business questions about how customers behave and products are used. Interana allows users to analyze and explore the key business metrics that matter most in a data-driven world – such as growth, retention, conversion and engagement – in seconds, rather than the hours or days it often takes with existing solutions. Interana allows customers to discover and investigate these key insights easily through its visual and interactive interface, which makes data analysis a natural extension of everyone’s workflow.
3482. mightyquiz : MightyQuiz powers a collection of user generated quiz questions that can be answered and rated on-site or through a distributable widget.
3483. lion-pose : 
3484. reprompt : Reprompt builds AI Agents for Location-- Mapping companies like Radar and TomTom use our agents to get live information about a point of interest or business that keeps their maps up to date. To do this we have an internal agents platform that supports Web, Vision, Doc Reading, and soon self-driving browser agents.
3485. nimble : Nimble uses predictive analytics to give every K-12 student access to excellent teachers. Our smart applicant tracking system (ATS) leverages a predictive model to help school districts identify and hire the best educators for their classrooms.
3486. fridge : The Fridge is a platform for lightweight single serving social networks for the functionality of Facebook without being on Facebook. The Fridge makes private conversation, media, and event sharing dead simple. The Fridge is like Tumblr for social networks. Anyone can easily create shared spaces, invite their friends and socialize/share photos, videos, music, and more. The Fridge reinvents how groups interact online allowing users to cut through the clutter of their social graph and create lightweight targeted spaces for personal and private relationships, special interest groups or clubs, or any temporary network around events, gatherings or nights out on the town...
3487. smartpath : SmartPath is a financial wellness company based in Atlanta, GA. We offer unique workplace financial wellness programs centered around 1-on-1 financial coaching. SmartPath wellness programs are designed to increase the bottom line for both employers and employees.
3488. hackpad : Smart collaborative documents. Company wiki. Personal notes. Event planning. Classroom collaboration.
3489. slicker : Slicker eliminates involuntary churn through AI-powered retries, tailored for your business. Our proprietary engine automatically monitors, detects, and recovers failed recurring payments, so you can convert past due invoices into revenue.
3490. haywheel : Haywheel is an artisan food marketplace for restaurants and specialty food stores.
3491. zep-ai : Build AI assistants that continually learn and delight users with personalized and accurate experiences. ## Memory that learns from your users Zep intelligently learns from user interactions, improving your assistant or agent's knowledge over time. Recall user facts in milliseconds, with Zep adding no latency to your prompt creation. ## Ready for Production and Scale - Granular Memory Controls: Go beyond semantic search with developer-defined rubrics for user fact relevance. - Comprehensive APIs and SDKs: Python, TypeScript, and Go SDKs, with full CRUD control of stored facts. - SOC 2 and tools for Privacy Compliance. ## Build Consistent and Correct LLM Apps Zep's Structured Output and Dialog Classification tools build on Zep's memory enabling you to build more accurate and consistent user experiences. - Extract strongly-typed data from chat history, quickly & accurately: Go beyond your LLM provider's JSON or Structured Output mode with built-in types for datetimes, floats, emails, RegEx patterns, and more. - Instantly classify conversation state: Understand user intent and emotion, segment users, and more.
3492. proglix : Proglix is a marketplace for small and medium manufacturers to buy metal and steel raw materials in Indonesia. With our platform, customers can easily order domestic and import raw materials with cheaper price, no minimum order quantities, 2x faster in SLA and real time inventory stock.
3493. arylla : Arylla has created a printable tag that can be scanned with any phone using our API. We piggyback on legacy commercial printers to get our tag onto products at scale and license our API to developers who build services on top of our tag. We are 10x less expensive and much more scalable than alternatives like NFC.
3494. piramidal : Get instant diagnosis for the vast majority of neurological conditions using our Foundational AI.
3495. lemonbox : LemonBox provides personalized daily vitamin packs for Chinese consumers, along with dietary advice from U.S. registered dietitians. All the products are made in the U.S. and shipped to customers within 7-10 days, based on a monthly subscription model.
3496. seerslab : Headquartered in Palo Alto, CA, Seerslab is a media tech and content start-up company that provides the latest Augmented Reality technologies and contents to global smartphone maker, telco and application developers.
3497. tinker : Tinker is a cryptocurrency electronic trading & market making firm, founded in 2014. At our peak we've processed $10m+ in daily volumes and represented 10-20% of all BTCUSD trading on regulated exchanges.
3498. index-3 : Index is a next-generation business intelligence (BI) tool designed for data teams and analysts to rapidly create, share, and explore interactive dashboards. By combining powerful SQL capabilities with a collaborative workspace, Index simplifies complex data visualization and enables teams to make faster, data-driven decisions.
3499. vector : The world’s first and only intent platform that tells you exactly which contacts are in-market before they land on your site.
3500. firstignite : FirstIgnite builds AI powered business intelligence tools.
3501. fathomdb : FathomDB offers databases as a service, taking care of many of the day-to-day tasks database administrators have to deal with and letting them focus on more complex issues.
3502. noredink : NoRedInk builds stronger writers through interest-based curriculum, adaptive exercises, and actionable data. We're in over 10,000 schools, and students have answered over 2 billion questions on our platform. Based in San Francisco, NoRedInk was founded in 2012 and is backed by top-tier investors, including: True Ventures, Google Ventures, Learn Capital, Kapor Capital, Social Capital and ImagineK12. We are a team of ~50 people with a deep commitment to unlocking every writer’s potential. We have a strong remote culture; many of our jobs are remote-friendly. Check out our current openings at: https://www.noredink.com/jobs
3503. coulomb-ai : At Coulomb AI, we envision a future powered by the seamless integration of AI and battery technologies, creating a powerful synergy to combat climate change. We build category-leading software that can significantly improve battery lifespan and performance by employing advanced predictive analytics, real-time monitoring, and adaptive battery management algorithms.
3504. higherme : HigherMe is all-in-one hiring software for restaurant and retail businesses to easily recruit, screen, interview, and onboard employees. Quickly review applications, schedule interviews, manage job board postings, and fill out employee paperwork from anywhere on any device. Created by a former multi-unit franchisee, HigherMe reduces the time and cost of hiring using a mobile-first applicant tracking system, Text-To-Apply technology, one-click interview scheduling, video cover letters, and more. With over three million applications submitted using our cloud-based software, say goodbye to the stack of paper résumés and easily fill open jobs anywhere, anytime.
3505. cerrion : Cerrion helps manufacturers automatically detect, understand and eliminate problems on their production lines using video-based Computer Vision. Our AI leverages standard CCTV cameras and learns how a manufacturing process looks like when things are going well and can automatically detect and track problems in real-time. For example, one of our customers, a Pepsi supplier producing 500 bottles per minute now automatically detects and reacts to a fallen bottle before it starts blocking their production line.
3506. 10-by-10 : 10by10 is a marketplace to instantly match qualified candidates with companies by pooling candidates across recruitment agencies. Check out the testimonials on our website (www.10by10.io).
3507. polymail : Polymail is an email platform for sales communication. Our platform - which includes email tracking, Salesforce sync, and calendar scheduling - empowers sales teams to increase conversion and shorten sales cycles while providing executives with transparency into sales activity. Backed by Y Combinator and based in Los Angeles, Polymail has helped thousands of customers transform their sales communication processes. For more information visit http://polymail.io
3508. innamed : InnaMed's HomeLab device and software take the hassle out of blood testing and let you access precision medical care from the comfort and privacy of your home. Healthcare providers and researchers can now receive timely clinical reports that they are accustomed to interpreting directly to their EMR, LIMS or EDC system. Trend identification and pattern matching software can guide decision making in the prescription and dosing of therapy and deep integration with the healthcare system and telehealth services allows for data driven care while also ensuring human connection.
3509. arva-ai : Every time a business onboards onto a bank or fintech a human analyst has to conduct manual document verification. We replace those human KYB (know your business) analysts with AI agents that handle cases in seconds, not days. Currently, 30% of know your business (KYB) cases result in manual review work. With Arva's AI agents the whole end-to-end onboarding experience is automated. Instant onboarding whilst reducing operational costs by 80%. Our end goal is to have a whole suite of AI workers that can handle manual compliance work for banks and fintechs. A $24B opportunity in the US alone.
3510. ixora : 
3511. fastgen : Fastgen is a low-code API and workflow builder with an integrated Postgres DB. Our drag-and-drop platform allows you to rapidly develop custom APIs and workflows with ease. Our integrated Postgres DB makes it even easier to create, read, update, and delete data in your applications.
3512. uplabs : UpLabs is a website for designers and developers to find and share resources to build apps and sites. Every day, the UpLabs community uploads new quality and curated content.
3513. tradewind-bioscience : Our lead candidate is a multifaceted attack antibody for ovarian cancer. Our approach enables targeting primary cancer cells directly, alongside enabling the immune system's natural anti-cancer function, all with one therapeutic antibody.
3514. apoxy : Apoxy is the proxy platform for improving the security, observability, and usability of APIs and services at scale. Our programmable proxy allows developers to write code that handles the operational concerns of their applications rather than piles of configuration. We've built an ingress and egress traffic controller with a tool belt of extensions that solve common problems like monitoring, authentication, load balancing, data compatibility, and much more.
3515. first : We are building the Marketplace for On Demand Delivery. We provide an all-in-one Delivery OS that brings all orders into one place, dispatches these orders to the best available delivery service, and provides the tools to manage the post-purchase experience. The founding team started Habitat Logistics, where we powered delivery for restaurants, and delivered over 1M orders all on our own software.
3516. beyond-aero : Beyond Aero was founded to meet the challenges of climate change and is developing the first hydrogen-powered electric business aircraft. The company is on a mission to make aviation electric, starting with business aviation since private jet are the most emissions-intensive segment per passenger, producing ten times more CO2 per person than commercial flights. Beyond Aero has hit significant technical milestones, achieving France's first manned fully hydrogen-electric flight earlier this year and appointing Luiz Oliveira, former advisor on Embraer’s hybrid hydrogen program, as Chief Engineer. Beyond Aero has secured $914 million in Letters of Intent (LOIs) for 108 aircraft and earned multiple awards, including Brilliant Minds and the Sustainable Aviation Challenge by the World Economic Forum, joining the First Movers Coalition.
3517. codestream : CodeStream's IDE plugins take the pain out of code reviews. With one command, request feedback on a snapshot of your repo, including uncommitted & unpushed code, allowing you to verify that your work-in-progress is on the right track. (You can also do it the old-fashioned way by committing & pushing at the end of your dev sprint, of course)
3518. chequpi : Cheq is a modern UPI payments app for NRIs and international citizens visiting India. Using Cheq, you can pay digitally at over 55mn+ merchants across India. We help tourists avoid ATMs and minimize their foreign exchange costs while in India.
3519. paradome : Paradome delivers rapid prototyping, deployment, and optimization of AI automations for government agencies. Government AI procurement mirrors outdated IT practices—pay millions, wait years. The high cost and long timelines stem from (1) building data integrations, labeling operations, and compliance mechanisms from scratch, (2) lack of AI expertise among traditional contractors, (3) minimal input from end-users during development, and (4) the ongoing expense of monitoring, maintaining, and updating bespoke systems. Paradome brings the time and cost of deploying compliant AI to near-zero, enabling agencies to spend time and money on iteration rather than development. Agencies need a single, versatile environment that combines agile low-code tools with full-code extensibility. Paradome’s NOVA modularizes data integration, pipeline optimization, accuracy testing, federal compliance, and real-time monitoring, eliminating bottlenecks and accelerating AI deployment. Sam's ex-girlfriend introduced him to Greg back at Carnegie Mellon in 2017, and while that relationship didn't last, their friendship has. After college, Greg went to Harvard Law School, while Sam worked for three years at Jane Street, building & leading a satellite dev team. Agencies provide public services and enforce the law. With AI, their work can be consistent, impartial, and efficient. Making government work is not a political choice—it’s a civic duty.
3520. phonic : 
3521. holy-grail-inc : Holy Grail removes carbon dioxide from the atmosphere to contribute to the long-term sustainability of humans and other species on Earth
3522. remedial-health : Remedial Health sells medicine wholesale to the 1 million pharmacies and hospitals in Africa. Today in Africa, pharmacies shop in open-air medicine markets where they pay higher prices for counterfeits medicines. We offer a managed marketplace with all the stock they'll need, deliver within 24 hours and offer credit to help them grow.
3523. cortex : ​​Cortex is an internal developer portal built to accelerate the path to engineering excellence. Companies like Docker, TripAdvisor, and Dropbox use Cortex to catalog, score, and assign action to improve service quality and velocity, so devs can get back to work that drives the business forward.
3524. arroyo : Arroyo is a serverless stream processing platform built on top of the open-source Arroyo streaming engine. We allow companies to transform, filter, aggregate, and join their Kafka streams in real-time just by writing SQL. We charge purely based on usage, with no fixed costs or clusters to manage.
3525. peeba : Peeba is a one-stop B2B wholesale marketplace that is changing the way retailers across Asia purchase inventory. We’ve streamlined the buying process, making it easier than ever for independent retailers to buy top-selling products from unique brands for their stores.
3526. camp : 
3527. prophecy-sciences : Prophecy is quantifying the cognitive factors that determine workplace performance -- from mental aptitude, to personality traits, to decision-making styles and interpersonal dynamics. Drawing from research across many subfields of neuroscience, we have created a suite of cognitive tests that integrate behavioral measures with sensors for collecting biosignals. The data we collect is unlike that of any existing personality or aptitude test, and gives us the unique ability to predict a tremendous number of traits, characteristics, and job performance measures. We help employers find the ideal person for a job, and we help managers optimize and motivate their teams.
3528. retrofit : Retrofit is a curated vintage marketplace, making online vintage shopping seamless and enjoyable. We are building AI agents to aggregate the most in-demand inventory from vintage stores nationwide and create detailed, visually compelling listings for each item. Whether you're a vintage enthusiast or a first-timer you can discover unique sought-after pieces easily. Retrofit makes vintage shopping feel like shopping on Nordstrom— rather than digging through piles of low quality listings on existing secondhand marketplaces. For sellers, Retrofit offers tools to list quickly and to connect their inventory with the right audience on our marketplace.
3529. pulley : Pulley is the cap table and equity management platform that helps founders and employees make smarter decisions about their equity. For early stage companies, Pulley helps founders get started on hiring and fundraising, avoid expensive equity mistakes, and save thousands on legal fees. With Pulley, you can compare different funding scenarios, raise capital, and set up equity grants for employees. Our tools help companies answer important questions such as: 1. How much of the company will I own after my next round? 2. How will pro-rata rights impact my ownership in future rounds? 3. How do I explain the value of equity to candidates? Equity is a company's single most important asset. Pulley gives companies insights into their equity, so they can make smarter decisions around hiring and fundraising, while proactively staying ahead of tax filings and accounting. If you are looking for a way to manage your cap table, try Pulley at https://pulley.com/.
3530. top-road : We build tools for custom GPT builders in the Open AI GPT Store to track user analytics and accept payments directly from users through a Stripe integration.
3531. nyckel : Use Nyckel to train and integrate state of the art machine learning into your application. Our ML platform can be used by anyone and it only takes minutes to train your first model. Once trained, your functions is immediately deployed to production grade infrastructure.
3532. heartbyte : HeartByte is a content platform where creators can create original fiction/comics or derivative works based on other fictional worlds. Creators write fictions 10 times faster on HeartByte. It's a place for community to fully indulge in the fictional world that they wish they were in.
3533. drymerge : DryMerge lets people automate work with plain English. Say you want to manage inbound leads. Instead of dragging blocks or writing code, just tell DryMerge "Whenever I get an email from a potential customer, add their details to a google sheet and draft a reachout message" and watch it happen in seconds. Counterintuitively, 88% of no-code users are actually programmers. We're changing that by making automation as fast and intuitive as conversation. This opens up the market to all knowledge workers, not just technical ones, and expands it by an order of magnitude.
3534. readily : Readily helps healthcare organizations find and close compliance gaps in hours not weeks. We do that by connecting over 100,000 pages of policies, and regulations, enabling staff to conduct research, analysis, and audits faster. This saves them hours of work, boosts readiness, and helps them avoid costly violations.
3535. onsite-pro : We make contractor proposal creation as simple as checking out of e-commerce. We equip HVAC distributors (who sell HVAC equipment to contractors) with digital catalogs preloaded with pricing, product details, and templates that allow contractors to create a professional proposal in under 10 minutes and sell in-person.
3536. edge : Edge uses the newest advances in artificial intelligence and cloud software to provide a secure, easy-to-use patent editor and assistant to help patent attorneys, patent agents, and inventors make the patent process less painful and more effective.
3537. howdy-com : Why Howdy.com? Howdy was founded in 2018 to help Austin startups hire talented engineers who work within US time zones in Latin America. Since then we’ve grown to a team of over 300, and our platform has enabled hundreds of companies to hire individual teammates, set up remote, hybrid or in-office teams, and manage remote equipment assets and benefits. Join over 200 companies, like Coinbase, Kojo,Truepill, Vanta and other YC companies that have hired with Howdy to build their tech outpost in Latin America. Better talent: Howdy is deeply involved in the Latin American tech scene, regularly hosting meetups and inviting speakers and industry leaders into our local communities called Howdy Houses throughout Latin America. We get to personally know the top tech leaders who are interested in joining product teams in the US for the long-term. These individuals are not actively seeking jobs through freelancer platforms. 98% retention: Developer churn slows teams down. That’s why, when you hire with Howdy, developers are automatically provided with premium health insurance, top-of-the-line Apple equipment, gym memberships, lunches and the use of class-A office spaces. Your engineering culture: When you partner with Howdy, you're not just hiring individuals; you're gaining access to a skilled local workforce that becomes an extension of your team. We provide full support in all areas, from recruitment to equipment and office spaces, allowing you to build and directly oversee your engineering outpost in Latin America as your team grows. All-in monthly pricing: Software Developer: $6k - 11k Finance Back-office: $1.8K - 3K Customer Service: $1.8K - 3K Designer: $1.8K - 4K Marketing: $2k - 4K *All-in monthly rate includes: salary, taxes, benefits, computer, equipment, office space, Howdy fee & more
3538. text-blaze : Text Blaze saves time and increases comms quality by automating repeated tasks. Users save smart templates and insert them anywhere on the web using keyboard shortcuts. Templates can include placeholders, logic, dynamic fields, integrations with other apps, and more.
3539. toothy-ai : Toothy is using AI to automate back office operations for dental clinics. We're building a reality where a dental clinic only needs 3 types of employees: dentists, hygienists, and dental assistants. Every other role is to be done by AI. At our first clinic we've already managed to cut back office staff in half in the two months we've been operating with them. We charge 40% of what overseas BPOs do for the equivalent labor, and a fraction of what in-house employees cost.
3540. medpiper-technologies-inc : MedPiper, a full-stack data platform that unifies and delivers end-to-end process for member and population health data: from data sourcing -> data verification -> data readiness -> data standardisation -> data logistics -> data interoperability . We have enabled payors, life sciences, pharma and health platforms obtain deeper insights into health, delivering better coverage and health outcomes. Aside from increasing network of healthcare & social determinant data partners, we move workloads that need extensive data handling workflows, to a simple workbench that can run and deploy rule engines on insights and braoder analytics : contributing to increased customer engagement, depeer personalised products, better GM structure etc for our clients. A few core things we deliver: - Easy integration (API-accessible), - A seamless experience (for all involved: patient, payor, provider, lab, mobile workforce), - A commitment to clinical quality standards,
3541. waypoint-transit : Waypoint Transit is an AI transportation planning consultant that generates technical studies and reports for municipal agencies. With Waypoint, cities can generate higher-quality reports faster, and at lower cost, reducing timelines from years to months. Varun and Ryan met at Stanford, where they graduated with degrees in CS and EE respectively. Before founding Waypoint, Varun worked on AI at Microsoft and Ryan worked on chip design at Apple. US cities are facing three major crises: congestion, budget deficits, and climate change. At the same time, city governments are understaffed and frequently need to contract work out to expensive consultants. Leveraging recent advancements in AI, we empower cities to reduce their costs, build infrastructure, and respond to problems quickly. In the United States, state and local governments spend $170B on transportation capital projects, with an estimated 10-15% of that cost going to planning and consultants. This represents an ~$20B market opportunity in the US alone. Through automation, we can displace the incumbent transportation and urban planning consulting markets. For more information, visit waypointtransit.com or contact us at contact@waypointtransit.com.
3542. marketfeed : marketfeed offers an automated trading platform that helps users earn returns through sophisticated options trading strategies. By connecting their broker's account, users can automate expert-developed strategies. The platform automatically executes trades, providing the potential for periodic earnings without the need for constant monitoring.
3543. blaze-2 : Blaze (YC S24) is global Venmo for cross border payments. It's a peer to peer payments app that uses USDC to make payments fast and cheap between any two people anywhere in the world. The founders scaled their last startup to $1M in ARR, studied mathematics and engineering at Duke, NYU, and Cornell, and have led teams at Spotify, Artsy, and Bitpanda. They're live in the US and Mexico, available for download on iOS and Android: https://blaze.money
3544. zeit-ai : Zeit AI transforms Excel files in a structured database that can be queried using natural language. For example, the financial consultancy RISE, which depends heavily on Excel, uses Zeit AI to access and analyze expenses across their organization.
3545. novatr : Novatr (YC S21) offers online cohort-based courses for architects, engineers and designers in the AEC industry to advance their professional growth. We serve learners from 45+ countries including India, MENA, USA, Europe, and SEA. Our courses are delivered by professionals from global firms like Autodesk, BIG, Google, UNStudio, AECOM, and graduates are placed at top-tier architecture firms, construction companies and real estate companies. Project-based learning and peer-to-peer interaction in cohort makes learning enriching and increases the completion rates to 84%. Learners work in groups of 2-6 on live projects and create significant outputs from scratch. The company is led by alumni of SPA Delhi and IIT Madras.
3546. armilla-ai : Using industry-leading AI/LLM evaluation technology, Armilla AI provides third-party AI assessment and warranty solutions, backed by leading reinsurers Swiss Re, Greenlight Re and Chaucer. Vendors of AI-powered products leverage Armilla’s assessment to anticipate customer questions, respond to enterprise RFPs, meet regulatory requirements, build trust in the reliability of their solutions - and ultimately, to accelerate sales. Armilla’s clients include enterprises along with AI-first start ups & scale ups in Fintech, Insurtech, Healthtech, Legaltech, HRtech & more.
3547. roame : Roame is Google flights using credit card points and miles. Our flight search engine is the only one that searches across 16 loyalty programs and over 200 airlines, delivering real-time results in seconds. At Roame, we are on a mission to revolutionize travel and consumer finance. We stand at the intersection of travel tech and fintech.
3548. zaam : Zaam is an end-to-end SaaS solution for business onboarding. It provides: (i) smart data entry form with real time validation (ii) automated individual and business checks (iii) case management dashboard with customizable rules
3549. ovipost : Ovipost builds automated insect farms. Insects are the most efficient way to convert abundant, cheap byproducts into nutritionally dense protein. Today live insects are a $175m industry in the US, but the future of the industry is leveraging their excellent amino acid profiles and superior digestibility to replace fishmeal ($9.5B industry) and other expensive proteins in animal feeds. Led by co-founders Trina Chiasson (sold Infoactive to Tableau) and Teq Sassmannshaus (biotech hardware engineer), the Ovipost team has deep experience in hardware, software, and biology.
3550. frigade : Frigade helps growth teams better activate and up-sell customers in-product. We combine React UI components such as <Tour />, <Checklist />, and <Announcement /> with a web app to easily power user targeting, content, orchestration, and more.
3551. vance : Vance is a Global Neobank that lets you make international payments at live google rates, avail credit in new countries, and invest around the world. We are building a bank that is not bound by borders.
3552. forfeit : Say what you're going to do, when you're going to do it, and how much money you'll forfeit if you don't do it. Send photo or timelapse evidence of you completing the habit by the time you set, or we take your money. Eg, I could set it to go to the gym (or meditate for 30 mins, or take a photo of a sent email, or of a max amount of calories on MyFitnessPal) tomorrow at 6am, or lose $30. If I don't send photo evidence in the gym (that we manually approve), I lose $30.
3553. drillbit : Residential contractors are drowning in office work. Drillbit automates all of it. We use AI receptionists and an LLM based quoting tool on top of our own CRM to entirely manage jobs from lead, to quote, to scheduling, to staffing, and even collecting payment.
3554. fintelite : Fintelite's AI streamlines loan approvals and fraud detection, ensuring swift, accurate decisions. Revolutionizing lending with AI-powered bank statement analysis and transaction data enrichment. Fintelite empowers lenders with a next-generation approach to lending. Our AI platform utilizes: Bank statement analysis: Gain deep insights into borrower financials through automated analysis. Transaction data enrichment: Extract valuable details from transactions for a holistic financial picture. These capabilities enable lenders to: Reduce fraud: Identify and prevent suspicious activity with superior accuracy. Accelerate approvals: Make faster, data-driven decisions with enriched information. Optimize risk management: Tailor risk assessments based on comprehensive borrower data. Passionate about building a future of responsible AI in financial services. I'm committed to helping lenders serve customers efficiently and securely. Our help to others includes: • BlubyBCA and ANZ increased efficiency by 15% • Qazwa and KoinWorks sped up loan processing 10x, cutting costs by 25%
3555. shadeform : Teams struggling with GPU availability use our platform to unlock capacity immediately for their growing AI workloads. Shadeform has a unified, easy-to-use API and platform to access and provision GPUs and deploy models for inference to any provider. With our aggregated availability and pricing data, we can help ensure your on-demand inference and training jobs will run on time at optimal cost.
3556. stackup : Stackup is transforming how businesses manage their on-chain operations by offering a smart account platform designed to simplify and automate complex blockchain tasks. As the need for seamless, secure, and efficient crypto transactions grows, Stackup provides centralized control over decentralized assets, allowing businesses to take charge of every detail of their operations with ease. Our platform integrates advanced security and adaptive features to eliminate the chaos of traditional crypto wallets, empowering businesses to manage their crypto stack in real-time. Whether you’re orchestrating large-scale transactions or ensuring complete transparency, Stackup’s solution brings order and precision to blockchain management—turning crypto chaos into structured, seamless business flow.
3557. eat-blueprint : Making Blueprint Protocol-inspired meals for longevity and performance. Organic, local, gluten-free, and seed oil free.
3558. quivr : Quivr is an AI open-source platform where enterprises connect to their tools, docs, APIs and databases to chat with them. The app can be deployed to the cloud, or self-hosted on existing infrastructure to answer any data privacy concerns. Quivr has built an open source community of 100+ contributors and has reached 31k+ Github stars! Effortlessly retrieve any available information and let Quivr generate for you new usable content.
3559. cakework : We make it possible to build a serverless cloud platform that hosts custom user code with just APIs and no infrastructure team. For example, an open source framework can build a cloud offering that deploys their users code from Github or local dev environments in days instead of months.
3560. giga-ml : Giga ML is an applied AI lab focused on building end-to-end customer care agents.
3561. lovage : Lovage creates automated, virtual receptionists for businesses that can handle almost any customer need over the phone, via text, or on social media. Instead of hiring someone or having to deal with interruptions while working, Lovage helps your customers by answering questions, booking appointments, and more - just like you would.
3562. iris-automation : The future for autonomous industrial drones is in sight - Enabling safer drone operation through intelligent collision avoidance. We are a Y Combinator and Silicon Valley investor company with a team from NASA, Boeing and PhDs in computer vision. Read more at: https://tinyurl.com/y7tm4zr8 Website: www.IrisOnBoard.com
3563. informed-k12 : At Informed K12, we’re on a mission to help school district administrators operate efficiently and gain insight into their most critical school business processes. Still today, most school districts have hundreds of mission critical processes that run on paper, making visibility and improvement near impossible. We transform paperwork from a daily stumbling block to a strategic tool. This makes it possible to hire the right teachers faster, manage bus routes for students without permanent housing, ensure teachers get reimbursed and paid on time, and a lot more. We are powering the future of school district operations by helping district administrators drive the systemic change needed to improve productivity, accountability and equity.
3564. markaz-technologies : We enable WhatsApp, Facebook, and Instagram-based micro-entrepreneurs to source wholesale products from across Pakistan. Our marketplace enables these micro-entrepreneurs to start their business without any investment while we facilitate them by offering their customers a great experience. We do this by taking care of their delivery operations, payments, and customer services. Pakistan is one of the youngest populations globally and is expected to become the 7th largest consumer market by 2030. Our vision is empowering 5 M + people, especially women, to start their businesses while working from home and supercharging the eCommerce rails of Pakistan.
3565. ego : We’re building the first generative ai-powered simulation engine, where non-technical creators can generate realistic characters powered by LLMs, 3D worlds, and interaction code/scripts with just prompts. The future of user-generated simulations, games, and interactive media will be powered by our engine. We used our engine to build TownWorld - a 3D interactive Twitch live stream of the Stanford generative agents paper (https://www.twitch.tv/townworld). To the best of our knowledge, it's the first ever AI 3D simulation of a small town in real time YC Launch - https://www.ycombinator.com/launches/KeD-ego-an-ai-native-3d-simulation-engine-getting-us-closer-to-the-matrix-one-pixel-at-a-time Demo video: https://docsend.com/view/mzf6i7kiwkkgg669 AI 3D TownWorld video: https://docsend.com/view/ig6t2shuz26z7wha
3566. starsky-robotics : Starsky Robotics is an autonomous truck startup aiming to make our roads safer while providing truck drivers with jobs that bring them back to their families. Learn more at: www.starsky.io Interested in joining the team? Apply at: https://jobs.lever.co/starskyrobotics?
3567. elayne : Elayne empowers families to build generational wealth by automating estate planning and settlements on a single, unified platform. As the AI Executor, we manage the entire estate transfer process, facilitating $3 trillion in wealth transfers annually, with a ~3% take rate. Adria experienced this challenge firsthand after her mom passed away, leaving her to settle the estate while balancing her career. The process is currently entirely manual and takes an average of 400 hours over 18 months. Adria eventually burned out and resigned, which is when she realized that bereavement costs businesses $100 billion annually in lost productivity, absenteeism, and attrition. By addressing this problem through businesses, Elayne generates recurring revenue in an industry traditionally reliant on 1x transactions, while maintaining a lasting presence in the end user’s life. We directly alleviate the 43% increase in attrition following the death of a family member, while reducing overall costs for grieving families, democratizing estate support, and saving users hundreds of hours in financial, legal, and administrative tasks per loss.
3568. policyfly : PolicyFly empowers insurers to sell and manage specialty insurance in minutes instead of in weeks. Every year, $200B of specialty insurance like Cyber, Flood or Trucking is processed over email between agents and insurers – PolicyFly connects both parties to automate these workflows and to consolidate all data. We bring growth, efficiency and transparency to otherwise hard to insure markets.
3569. nextmv : Nextmv is a DecisionOps platform that accelerates optimization AI teams with tools for deployment, testing, CI/CD, collaboration, and management of decision models. With Nextmv, developers can create scalable, custom decision services complete with unique API endpoints and options to integrate with popular solvers and modeling solutions.
3570. handoff : Handoff creates instant construction estimates and automates business operations for contractors with AI. Using generative AI technology and access to localized construction costs, Handoff provides remodelers with a fast, accurate, and intuitive way to create construction cost estimates in minutes.
3571. buypower : BuyPower is the modern bill payment platform for Africans. We make it easy for individuals to pay their energy bills, businesses to pay international vendors, and lenders to make smarter lending decisions using our proprietary Energy Data Service. Our mission is to simplify bill payment and empower African SMBs to prioritize their financial health.
3572. panora : Panora helps warehouses drive more business by connecting to any e-commerce platform and provides an AI assistant that automates data entry into WMS & ERPs platforms.
3573. 99minutos : We're an e-commerce logistics solution for e-commerce in Latin America. Buy online and receive it in less than 99 minutes, same day, next day or choose our new green delivery with zero emissions. We deliver within 52 cities in Mexico, 6 in Chile, 6 in Colombia, and 4 in Peru. Flat rate, live tracking, flexible routes, and plugins for every e-commerce. 99minutos: Delivery Fulfill99: Fulfillment centers Ruta99: Saas for routing solutions Punto99: Pudo network
3574. lancedb : LanceDB is a new open-source vector database that can support low-latency billion-scale vector search on a single node. Built around a new columnar data format, LanceDB makes it incredibly easy to build applications for generative AI, recsys, search engines, content moderation, and more.
3575. synapsica-healthcare : 
3576. kite : Kite helps software companies create Apple-style product videos. We turn a screen recording of your app into a stunning polished, professional video—no expensive agencies or complicated tools required. Video marketing is a massive, $104B industry, but the workflow for creating professional product videos hasn't changed in decades. Kite uses WebGL and AI to dramatically lower the cost of professional-grade video production.
3577. automorphic : Automorphic has invented a way to infuse knowledge into LLMs via fine-tuning (surpassing context window limitations), enabling developers to rapidly iterate on and successively improve custom models cheaply and efficiently.
3578. pry-financials : Pry makes it simple for companies to manage their budget, hiring plan, financial models, and cash runway. Today, most people plan for their business once a quarter. It's done in Excel - buggy, boring, confusing, and really time-expensive. A lot of people have tried to solve this and only found moderate success or failed. We're the team to do it right.
3579. versable : Auto parts retailers get product data from hundreds of manufacturers that is inaccurate and inconsistent, often with big gaps in key values. They currently have a team of "catalog managers" who are required to process and enhance this data line by line, resulting in a week to months long lag between receiving product data and actually being able to start generating revenue from those products. Versable leverages AI to scan the web for tens of millions of auto parts listings, and uses a fine-tuned LLM with RAG to instantly process, enhance, and transform data. With just a part number, Versable is able to generate market-ready titles, product descriptions, and specs, in any format that's needed.
3580. lifted : NudgeLabs is a service that helps enterprises improve team performance and employee retention. We pair each employee with an online coach and use smart watch data to improve their physical and mental health.
3581. mono-2 : We offer a corporate bank account that integrates with accounting, tax and payroll systems allowing SMEs owners in LatAm manage their business in just one place.
3582. remo : Remo is building AI copilots for onboarding and compliance teams at financial institutions. We automate highly manual processes like KYB, AML, and Ongoing Monitoring.
3583. cleancard : We are combining synthetic biology and artificial intelligence to make cancer detection as easy as a pregnancy test. Cleancard's mission is to bring lab-grade diagnostics into the comfort of your home. Our novel method enables robust diagnostics and biomarker tracking from the urine. We are currently developing fully at-home, 30-minute tests for cancer using this methodology. We are constantly expanding the number of conditions we can detect from a single sample with our platform technology.
3584. soundry-ai : We have built a universal text-to-sound AI generator for musicians and sound designers. Music producers build songs with samples that they've hand crafted with our AI, and sound designers can incorporate generated sound effects into film, TV, and video games. With personalized generations and training data hand-picked by your favorite artists, Soundry AI is your new best friend in the music creation process.
3585. array-labs : We're designing swarms of tiny satellites which will work together to create the first real-time, high-resolution 3D model of the earth. By using clusters of satellites to image the same place on the earth at the exact same time, we can improve image quality by more than 60x over conventional techniques. This technology will massively increase the amount of affordable, high-quality 3D data, enabling a host of new applications across an array of industries, including AR/XR/Autonomy, Defense, Climate/ESG, and Insurance Analytics.
3586. stack-auth : Stack is the open-source authN, authZ, and user management platform. We build for devs who want to iterate quickly, offering both managed auth and self-hosting. You can set it up in one minute and scale with the project as it grows. Stack was built by repeat founders with strong technical backgrounds. Check out our GitHub: https://github.com/stack-auth/stack
3587. meadow : Headquartered in San Francisco since 2014, Meadow builds powerful Point of Sale and eCommerce software for retailers in the legal cannabis industry. Meadow’s all-in-one platform allows dispensaries to sell products, manage menus and inventory, reward customers, dispatch delivery and pick-up orders, and create exceptional in-store experiences for customers. Meadow powers dispensaries and delivery services of all sizes, utilizing technology to maintain compliance with local and state regulations, scale with the Adult Use market, and create operational efficiencies that allow these businesses to thrive in a regulated industry. Meadow’s team is dedicated to making the best retail software in cannabis, and to creating a more collaborative and inclusive legal cannabis industry. To learn more about Meadow, visit getmeadow.com.
3588. eclipse-foods : Eclipse Foods is building the future of dairy using micelles (the microscopic magic of milk.) Eclipse has developed the world's first plant-based dairy platform which makes plant-based products with the taste, texture, and functionality of conventional dairy. We are transforming the $500B dairy industry and have raised over $60M from leading investors such as Y Combinator, the chairman of Beyond Meat, the founder of Reddit, the creator of Gmail, Forerunner Ventures, Sozo Ventures, Initialized Capital, and more. Our mission is to create a more sustainable, healthy, and humane food system by making plant-based foods that require no sacrifice.
3589. digiventures : Digiventures SaaS enables banks in Latin America to digitize their loan origination and account opening process. We are live with 30 clients (including 7 banks) in 9 countries.
3590. cumbuca : Cumbuca is the first digital group account for Brazilian families. By grouping individual accounts with a shared permission system that's completely customizable, Cumbuca mimics the experience of American joint accounts - which aren't available in Brazil - providing features such as shared savings, debt tracking and bill splitting on everything from utilities to groceries and online delivery, so you don't ever have to argue with your loved ones again.
3591. in-the-room : In The Room is a hyper-local geospatial social network for IRL real-time connections in shared spaces. Designed to help you vibe with people literally in the same room, it answers the question, "Who’s here?" by seamlessly connecting you with others nearby. Currently focused on dating, friendships and professional networking, it’s perfect for meeting people wherever they gather—restaurants, bars, clubs, lounges, events, or public spaces like Miami Beach. Go outside, vibe, and connect with others in the places you already love to visit.
3592. upbanx : UpBanx is Brex for D2C brands and content creators in Indonesia. We help our customers open a high-yield business account, get financing, manage transactions, and launch Web3 projects, all in one place. There are over 700k D2C brands and content creators in Indonesia. If we serve all of them, that is a $14b/year market opportunity. We've raised $5.6m so far from investors like Y Combinator, Alpha JWC, Alto Partners, CreditEase, Oliver Jung and lndonesia's biggest influencer Raffi Ahmad who has over 100m followers on social. We have also raised from 6 other Y Combinator founders. We are open to working with more investors that can bring strategic value to our long-term roadmap.
3593. nowmov : Nowmov is an endless stream of videos recommended to users based on their interests, friends and what's trending around the world.
3594. tessa : Tessa is an AI coworker that can autonomously learn and master the usage of web-based tools, just like a human does. To accomplish this, we are building a novel neural architecture that enables autonomous self-improvement in AI agents. So far, we've achieved a state-of-the-art success rate of 93% on the WebVoyager benchmark. We are working to automate workflows in several verticals, including property management & real estate, financial services, and consulting.
3595. vimmerse : Designers, branding agencies, and on-line stores can use Vimmerse’s AI creators platform, Apps, and API to animate their images at scale making their business stand out from the crowd.
3596. philippo : Philippo is building the first proptech platform in Latam that provides liquidity to home equity. In Latam, ~40% of homebuyers need to sell their current property in order to afford their new home. Buying and selling at the same time can be overwhelming. By implementing a Sale and Leaseback transaction, Philippo enables homeowners to access their home equity before selling their property on the market, avoiding price discounts and eliminating the pain of moving twice and/or losing their dream home.
3597. fogbender : Fogbender helps B2B companies support customer teams: think Intercom meets Slack's shared channels. Today, all customer software is explicitly or implicitly designed for helping individuals, not teams. This is forcing B2B companies - who sell products to teams, not individuals - to augment their default customer support platform (Zendesk, Intercom, Front, etc) with a second, "unofficial", system: Slack's shared channels. This causes a number of operational and logistical difficulties for both vendors and their customers, resulting in added costs, inefficiencies, and lost opportunities. With Fogbender, B2B vendors embed a team-to-team messaging widget directly on their customer dashboard, where all users belonging to an account can - with no additional authentication - 1) see a list of currently-open issues 2) participate in conversations with their own team and the vendor, and 3) search all historical discussions.
3598. kapital-bank : Cash management solution that offers debit & credit solutions for SMBs in LATAM. - 24/ Multi-treasury: multiple debit accounts, payroll & services payment, wires - Corporate Expenses: dashboard and prepaid cards to control your employee's budget & expenses - Credit Card: flexible global line where you can decide to use it as a revolving line or as a simple amortizable credit in installments.
3599. realm : Realm (formerly tight.db) is a mobile database that enables its users to develop applications faster, develop applications that are fast, and craft amazing user experiences. Realm is a replacement for SQLite & Core Data. It can save users thousands of lines of code & weeks of work, and lets them craft amazing new user experiences. It is a Y Combinator company, headquartered in San Francisco.
3600. vendoo : Vendoo is a software that was created to solve the daily pain points of the millions of sellers in the steadily growing reselling industry. Our goal is to save sellers time and help them make more money. The user friendly interface allows sellers to crosspost their items onto multiple marketplaces in a fraction of the time that it takes to do so manually. Users can currently list items onto 10 marketplaces, including eBay, Poshmark, Etsy, Mercari, Facebook Marketplace and more. The software also provides other conveniences for sellers, like the ability to easily import their existing listings, delisting and relisting items with one click, and inventory management features like easy sorting and searching. Vendoo also provides sellers with business data and analytics to help them make calculated decisions to grow their business.
3601. snaptrade : SnapTrade is an API to connect retail brokerage accounts to any fintech app. We enable API access to real-time account data, historical transactions, and trading. This makes it possible to build new investing experiences with existing brokerage accounts, so users don't need to transfer and it's easier to get started.
3602. tomoguides : Handcrafted iPhone travel guides that are free, offline, and just plain full of awesomeness.
3603. tradex : TradeX is an exchange to trade on the outcome of events that affect your everyday life. We are the world’s most simplified derivative exchange, where you can trade on yes or no (whether an event will happen). TradeX allows people to trade on what matters to them. Examples: Climate change, transportation, currencies, GDP, omicron cases, inflation rate, movie launch, next president & much more. Our USP: Allowing people to trade on what they know rather than studying company financials or worrying about market conditions. We are making opinions investable. Our MOTO: What do you do with your opinion? Believe in it.
3604. visual-one : 
3605. vidpresso : Media companies, brands and celebrities used Vidpresso to create the best quality live videos, typically for Facebook Live and Twitter. Vidpresso was acquired in 2018 by Facebook.
3606. aoa-dx-inc : AOA Dx is developing the next frontier in early-stage cancer detection for women through our pioneering work in glycolipids and proprietary biomarker technology.
3607. infina : Infina is Vietnam's leading wealth management and investing platform (like Groww of Inida and Ajaib of Indonesia). Its mission is to empower retail investors by make investing accessible, frictionless, and safe. The platform is multi-asset, offering stock trading, mutual funds, and fixed-income products, with more asset classes to be added. Infina was founded by James L. Vuong, a Silicon Valley engineer turned VC investor (IDG Ventures) and serial entrepreneur with a prior successful exit in Vietnam (Reddit of Vietnam, which was acquired by LINE corporation in 2017). Investing apps are seeing explosive growth in many markets around the world, including in Vietnam. There is a growing middle class who are hungry to invest in assets like stocks and crypto. We are building Infina to capture this huge opportunity to democratize investing in South East Asia.
3608. reebeez : Reebeez develops efficient solid-state thermoelectrophotovoltaic microengines for UAVs that achieve flight times and payloads unrivaled by batteries and fuel cells. Due to weight limitations of engines, small aerial vehicles must rely on lithium polymer batteries that result in disappointing flight times and payloads. Reebeez presents a propulsion ​system powered by thermoelectrophotovoltaics (TEPV) that runs on lightweight combustible fuels to attain specific energy eight times better than lithium polymer batteries - at a third of the cost.
3609. bree : Bree is building a challenger bank for the 11 million Canadians living paycheck to paycheck, starting with interest-free cash advances. We make money through tips and an optional, same-day express fee. By solving our customers' most urgent problem—illiquidity between paychecks —our cash advance business is a cheap, but profitable and repeatable hook that builds distribution for a broader challenger bank. This represents a $9 billion revenue opportunity in Canada.
3610. ben : Ben aims to be a unified platform for learning about, buying, selling, and storing cryptocurrency. With the hundreds of wallets and exchanges floating around in the blockchain ether, it’s easy for novices to get lost in the fray. Ben’s mobile app distinguishes itself from other wallet exchanges by integrating crypto education, using the platform to also deliver news about currencies and offer Q&As related to crypto investing.
3611. chari : Chari is an e-commerce and fintech app for traditional retailers in French-Speaking Africa allowing them to order any consumer goods they sell and get delivered for free in less than 24 hours. Chari is also a financial services provider for these retailers, offering them microloans .
3612. audm : Audm is a mobile app that turns long-form print journalism into professionally narrated digital audio. The app, which was quietly launched on 2016, uses professional voice actors to read news content that makes it enjoyable to listen to.
3613. just-words : AI-first marketing platform that puts companies in a state of continuous experimentation. We let you test 100+ variations within a month, across segments without the need to setup an 'octopus' on your favorite CRM tool. We also automate reporting which takes the grunt work of baby sitting every A/B test out of the way.
3614. novig : Novig is a sports betting exchange that eliminates the need for traditional sportsbooks by creating a two-sided marketplace. We do this by enabling users to bet directly against friends or the market, rather than against the house, making the betting experience more efficient, fair, and, most importantly, profitable.
3615. cleverdeck : CleverDeck is a customizable-spaced repetition flashcard application for learning foreign language vocabulary. It contains more than three thousand useful words along with images, native speaker audio, and example sentences.
3616. waterplan : Waterplan is the world’s leading climate platform to measure, respond, report, and monitor companies increasingly changing climate water risk. Customers include multinational companies like Coca-Cola, Diageo, Colgate & Ab InBev. The platform combines companies’ operational data with local water satellite imagery to provide a continuously updated financial assessment of water risk. Based on that, it offers tailored mitigation and adaptation opportunities, from conventional infrastructure to nature-based solutions. The company was founded by a team of tech and water 2nd-time entrepreneurs with two exits and almost ten years of experience working for Fortune 500 companies in water projects. Early investors include YCombinator, Giant Ventures, David Helgason, Leonardo DiCaprio, Richard Branson's family, Manu Ginobili, among others waterplan.com
3617. fastpad : Fastpad builds hiring software for the Indian market that gets rid of spam and ensures that companies can see quick snapshots of real candidates. Fastpad is looking to create the dominant recruitment marketplace by cutting through the noise in an Indian hiring marketplace that’s growing 40 percent year-over-year.
3618. infiuss-health : We are building the world's first community of patients eager to contribute to and advance medical research. Our patient community platform offers health management, patient support and patient health data aggregation. We offer researcher's and life science companies with the opportunity to connect with these patients for their medical research needs. They recruit real patients for clinical trials, for bio specimens sourcing and to obtaining real world patient data.
3619. quad : Quad is where college students get things done. Today, over 41% of students drop out, 1 in 3 struggle with time management, and 45% end up underemployed because most solutions are ineffective for the modern student. We built Quad to fix this. Quad enables students to automatically keep track of their daily coursework, chat with their classmates, and get help - all in one mobile platform. Our proprietary technology transforms assignment information traditionally locked inside the syllabus into dynamic and structured data students utilize daily. We believe that technology with the power to engage students on a daily basis has the ability to fundamentally improve student outcomes.
3620. palla : Palla enables instant P2P payments from the US to other countries, a $65BN a year market. Sending and receiving remittances today is slow, time consuming and inconvenient for all parties, as it's a mostly cash based process. With Palla, senders in the US can do it in a few taps of their phone and receivers get their money in seconds.
3621. quantstruct : Quantstruct automatically creates and improves product documentation, implementation guides, and changelogs for API & SDK products, web-based enterprise software, and internal applications. Quantstruct identifies gaps in your knowledge base based on each product release or unfulfilled customer query. It uses multiple AI agents to search existing knowledge sources, test existing docs for validity and style guidelines, and clicks, scrolls, and uses enterprise software through a web browser to generate docs with embedded screenshots and video recordings. Quanstruct is available as a cloud service to start, targeting technical writers, content writing, professional services, and product teams. Traditional generative AI tools risk hallucinating critical API & SDK fields, even with RAG based approaches. Purely agent-based approaches risk providing unpredictable output that can diverge from desired documentation processes. Finally, no company’s review and publishing workflow is the same. Quantstruct is the easiest way to onboard and customize AI agents to continuously improve your documentation based on your customer needs and product evolution. https://quantstruct.com
3622. hypercore : Hypercore is a loan management software for small lenders. We help lenders automate workflows and provide them with real-time analytics and KPIs on their portfolios. Since June we are running paid pilots ($3.5K MRR), 1 LOI ($1.5K MRR). The founding team met while serving together as officers in technological units in the Israeli Defence Forces. We then established together a software development company specialized in fintech projects such as e-wallets and open-banking projects. That’s where we discovered how archaic are the tools lenders use that are ready for disruption. Hypercore is building the tools for private lenders who currently do everything in Excel, culminating in a 'Nasdaq of private loan books' - utilizing the platform to securitize loan books.
3623. every : Setup your entire back-office in one place. - Banking: Bank Accounts, Corporate Cards, Payments, Treasury - Bookkeeping & Tax: Keep you books in order and file income taxes at the end of the year - Payroll and Benefits: US Payroll in 50 states, US Contractors, International Contractors. Health, Vision, Dental, 401k Benefits
3624. focal-2 : Focal enables f to effectively leverage AI to automate traditionally manual workflows. Our initial focus is geared towards helping financial institutions automate compliance, risk, and dispute operations.
3625. palifer : Palifer decreases unplanned failures and increase schedule compliance by extracting insights from your historical logs. https://patents.google.com/patent/US11256757B1/en
3626. palenca : Palenca is Payroll API for LatAm. We make it possible for any worker to share their employment records and for businesses to uses those records. Like Plaid, but for Payroll. Unicorns like Kavak and Lalamove use us to run background checks and provide financial services.
3627. seva-coffee : Seva Coffee is a consumer electronics company based out of Calle Laguna del Marquesado Nª 19, Nave 16 Edificio Adriana 1ª Planta, Polígono Industrial La Resina (Villaverde), Madrid, Community of Madrid, Spain.
3628. fluke : Brazilians hate the experience of using the traditional mobile carriers. They force you to pay for data packages you don’t need and make it impossible to switch your plans. Fluke offers a better customer experience and that’s why we have a CAC that is 50% lower and an LTV that’s 30% higher than traditional carriers. What’s smart about our approach is we rent infrastructure from these incumbents and build a better customer experience on top of it. This keeps our costs lows and lets us focus on what really matters: the customer experience! We have the best network and customers are switching to us because of the service and flexibility to build their own customized mobile plans. We are doing in telco what Nubank did in banking in Brazil. We are Fluke, thank you!
3629. eventual : Eventual is a data warehouse for ML/AI. We are building an integrated development experience for data scientists and engineers to build ML/AI applications which query and process multimodal data (images, video, audio and 3D scans). Daft (https://www.getdaft.io) is our open-sourced distributed data query engine. It has a Python Dataframe API and is built in Rust, providing both ease of use and performance for use-cases such as ML data engineering, training data ingestion and general data analytics. We are funded by investors such as Caffeinated Capital, Array.vc and top angels in the valley from Databricks, Meta and Lyft. Our team has deep expertise in high performance computing, big data technologies, cloud infrastructure and machine learning.
3630. upfort : Upfort is a leading platform for cyber security and insurance that provides holistic protection from evolving cyber threats. Founded in 2017 to expand global access to cyber resilience, Upfort makes cyber risk easy to manage and simple to insure. Upfort delivers turnkey security proven to proactively mitigate risk and comprehensive cyber insurance from leading insurers. With proprietary data and intelligent automation, Upfort’s AI anticipates risk and streamlines mitigation for hassle-free underwriting. Insurers, brokers, and risk advisors partner with Upfort to offer clients resilience and peace of mind against cyber threats.
3631. brite : Brite is disrupting the employee benefits education space by building a platform that allows employee benefits brokerages to build digital benefit guides that drive employees to enroll in the right plans and understand their benefits better. To those who are in the industry...we are the "Employee Navigator" of benefits education software.
3632. questdb : QuestDB is a high-performance, open-source database for time series data. It focuses on fast ingest, blazingly fast queries and superior developer experience with SQL and open formats. QuestDB is designed from the ground up to operate as close to the hardware as possible -- eliminating ingestion bottlenecks and lowering overall hardware requirements. QuestDB powers the infrastructure for companies in Financial Services, Crypto/Web3, Space Exploration, and Energy/Renewables.
3633. broad : Broad is building global financial products that enable life without borders.
3634. telivy : Telivy helps small and medium businesses purchase the best cyber insurance coverage. Our proprietary ML-based risk platform assesses insurability gaps, offers remediation plans and brokers insurance quotes from A+ rated carriers.
3635. phykos : 
3636. thread : Thread, a free online personal styling service for men, uses a combination of human stylists and a powerful algorithm to make it easy for guys to dress well. Thread was founded in 2012 by three guys—Kieran, Ben and Ben—who wanted to dress well, but found it difficult or frustrating to do so: they hated shopping on the High Street and were overwhelmed by millions of choices online. Thread combines the best bits of tech with the best bits of personal styling: After signing up by completing a short questionnaire and uploading photos of yourself, you’re paired with a stylist who reviews your information and uses Thread’s proprietary algorithm to sort through thousands of items to create the best outfits for you. When you log onto Thread, everything you see is tailored to your sizes, budget, preferences and tastes. We’ve raised $16 mm in funding from investors in the realms of tech, Artificial Intelligence and fashion, including Beringea, Balderton Capital, Demis Hassabis and Mustafa Suleyman (co-founders of Google-owned DeepMind), Andrew Jennings (former president of Saks 5th Avenue), Edgar Bronfman Jr. (former owner of Warner Music), Guy Hipwell (former head of online at Harrods and Liberty) and Shakil Kahn (founding investor in Spotify).
3637. quickchat-ai : Quickchat AI empowers companies to build their own Multilingual AI Assistants powered by generative AI models such as GPT. Thanks to our powerful integrations and API they can add the power of conversational AI to any website, product, app, game or smart device. Backed by Y Combinator and other notable investors.
3638. intact-therapeutics : Intatct is developing an advanced materials platform to improve the way drugs are delivered and absorbed in the digestive tract. Our vision is to improve the treatment of a wide range of gastrointestinal disorders that are currently underserved.
3639. north : Thalmic Labs is pioneering new ways of interacting with digital devices. With a mission to merge people and technology, the company is revolutionizing how we will interact with technology in the future. Its first product, the Myo™ armband, measures electrical activity in muscles to wirelessly control computers, phones and other digital technologies, resulting in seamless interaction between humans and devices. Founded in 2012 by three graduates of the University of Waterloo's mechatronics engineering program (Stephen Lake, Matthew Bailey, Aaron Grant), Thalmic Labs has grown to a world-leading team of engineers, researchers, and creators committed to building the future of wearable technology. Thalmic Labs has raised over $140M USD to date from investors including Spark Capital, Intel Capital, Y Combinator, and others.
3640. pickle-2 : Over 300 million people join Zoom calls every day, but looking professional in every situation isn’t always easy. Pickle uses an AI body double to replace your live video feed in real time, so you can join meetings without ever turning on your camera. Simply speak, and the AI body double will lip-sync perfectly to your voice—letting you participate in Zoom calls while walking or driving and still appear polished and professional.
3641. 100x : 
3642. aisle50 : Aisle50 came out of the summer 2011 class at Y Combinator, the Silicon Valley accelerator. Aisle50 builds CPG and retailer campaigns aimed to get both banner and brand incremental shoppers, bigger share and valuable brand messaging to consumers. Our product has a two-year track record of producing baskets that are 30% larger for our retailers. We also give our retailer partners incremental trips that, in the past, they would have lost to competitors. Aisle50 content, because much of it is in the form of offers that are paid for through Web or Mobile, compel the consumer to head to the store sooner rather than later. Everybody wins: We drive trips to stores, new customers to CPGs and big discounts to consumers.
3643. tablevibe-co : We are on a mission to help restaurants go direct-to-consumer. Our direct online ordering system enables eateries to easily start their own webshop and sell directly to dine-in, pickup, and delivery customers without the high commission fees of third-party apps. Our system automatically books drivers from Uber, Doordash, Grab, Foodpanda and Lalamove for a low distance-based fee. In total, restaurants save up to 80% and build their own customer database by processing orders with Tablevibe. We offer more than just an ordering system. We're creating an ecosystem around digital ordering and leveraging customer insights to maximise sales. Our solutions include innovative cashback programs, referral incentives, and marketing campaigns, combined with a singular platform to manage all online orders and menus. Plus, our feedback surveys are pivotal in growing customer satisfaction and online reviews. Backed by Global Founders Capital, Y Combinator, and Velocity Ventures, we’re here to redefine your restaurant’s future. Join the thousands of restaurants who are thriving with us by booking a call with one of our restaurant experts at tablevibe.co/democall or by contacting our team via hello@tablevibe.co.
3644. overlap : Overlap builds multimodal AI agents that can do literally anything you want related to video, such as finding specific moments, generating clips, or analyzing your video library. What takes media companies thousands of hours, we do in seconds.
3645. hoverchat : HoverChat is an app focused on making messaging more of a multi-tasking experience and allow users to use the messaging service without interrupting their work flow. The app is currently available on Android phones.
3646. ivy-homes : Selling a home is a super stressful affair due to the uncertainties involved. We help smoothen that process by guaranteeing a fair price and offering that value upfront for the seller. We’ve built up an information system that captures the details of all real estate transactions. We’ve further developed a pricing model on top of it that helps determine the value of a home. We use this to offer liquidity to the seller by making an instant offer to purchase their house. We then refurb the property as necessary and further sell through our channel partners.
3647. stacklead : StackLead automatically analyzes sales leads. Starting with only an email address, we pull together all the research a sales rep needs to understand a lead and their business. With this information, sales teams close more deals because they can effectively tailor their messaging and they don't have to spend time manually researching every new lead. You can access StackLead research wherever you need it. If you already have an internal email when a user signs up, you can forward it to StackLead and we'll reply with a complete research report. We also provide a Salesforce integration (stacklead.com/blog/qualifying-leads-in-salesforce-with-stacklead/) and webhooks API (stacklead.com/docs). Get started at stacklead.com or contact us at team@stacklead.com
3648. numericcal-inc : Turn-key solutions for anomaly detection, asset detection and tracking, and workforce management in automotive and manufacturing operations. We leverage modern Machine Learning to work with unstructured sensory data, like video and audio. By distributing the solution across the edge (on-premises) and multiple clouds (Azure + AWS/GCP) we lower the operating costs by 100x, while processing 1,000x more data than any cloud-based solution and provide better reliability and safety.
3649. data-mechanics : Data Mechanics was acquired by NetApp in 2021 and integrated in the Spot.io product portfolio. Our managed Spark-on-Kubernetes platform is live and running under the name Ocean for Apache Spark: https://spot.io/products/ocean-apache-spark/
3650. meticulous : Meticulous is a tool to automatically catch UI bugs in your web application with zero-effort. Install our JavaScript snippet onto production or staging and dev environments, which records user sessions by collecting clickstream and network data. When you post a pull request, Meticulous selects a subset of sessions which are relevant and simulates these against the frontend of your application. Meticulous takes screenshots at key points and detects any visual differences. It posts those diffs in a comment for you to inspect in a few seconds. This eliminates the setup and maintenance burden of UI testing.
3651. mailgun : Mailgun is a developer-focused email delivery platform that empowers companies to send, receive, and track transactional and marketing emails through an API. Founded in 2010, Mailgun became a Y-Combinator success story later acquired by Rackspace. In February 2017, Mailgun spun back out as a standalone business focused on building best-in-class email deliverability solutions. We are headquartered in San Antonio with remote teams in San Francisco and Austin. Customers like Slack, Lyft, Github, and Reddit rely on Mailgun to deliver email to their customers.
3652. maderight : Global manufacturing, simplified. Maderight is your one-stop shop for fashion sourcing, manufacturing, and logistics. We manage your entire supply chain so that you can focus on building your brand and selling your products rather than worrying about manufacturing delays and mistakes. Our consortium of factories have been curated to guarantee ethical practices, quality assurances, and timely delivery. Y Combinator S15 & StartX S15
3653. knowtex : We’re on a mission to leverage AI and voice technology to solve inefficiencies and revenue leakage in our healthcare system. With the rise of EHRs, the manual documentation burden on doctors has never been higher, leading to burnout and fatigue and high attrition rates. Assigning the correct diagnosis and billing codes is crucial for proper reimbursement and patient care, but medical coding is becoming more and more complex each year with growing numbers of codes (over 145,000 now), and doctors are unsupported by current technology to keep up with its ever increasing requirements. $125 billion is left on the table each year by healthcare organizations due to improper documentation and coding. Knowtex creates visit notes with up-to-date and accurate reimbursement codes from doctor-patient conversations, allowing the doctor to focus on patient care and preventing revenue leakage for hospital systems through standardized, transparent, and accurate documentation.
3654. termii : Termii is a communications platform that allows businesses to make calls, access data on the go and send messages to anyone across sms, email, voice and instant messaging channels. With Termii businesses can; 1. Verify customer identity & transactions 2. Send product notifications to customers 3. Make calls and offer dedicated call support to customers 4. Purchase dedicated phone numbers 5. Purchase eSims to make wifi calls and access data connectivity globally 6. Generate personality and engagement insights from customer transactions
3655. vendra : Vendra uses AI to automate project management and information lookup when working with vendors and suppliers - all with no change to existing workflows - letting hardware teams focus on building and shipping amazing products
3656. simperium : Simperium is a Y Combinator-funded company that builds a platform for syncing content among people and their devices. They released Simplenote as a showcase of this platform.
3657. pave-2 : Pave allows you to make smarter comp decisions and eliminate spreadsheets, powered by real-time integrations with your HRIS, ATS, and Cap Table.
3658. askdata : Askdata lets users interact with data through natural language. 1. Users can connect their Apps and Data. 2. Start making questions like "Show me revenue for 2018" 3. Receive personalized data insights.
3659. aidy : Aidy delivers persistent, in-depth research for organizations that rely on accurate and timely insights to make critical decisions. New cycles move fast and and information is scattered—especially on topics that rarely make headlines—but Aidy cuts through the noise. Our AI analysts combine real-time monitoring with rigorous analysis to help market research firms, asset managers, trade associations, and public affairs agencies sharpen their information edge. By transforming complex information into actionable intelligence, Aidy empowers organizations to identify emerging trends, reduce risk, and make better decisions faster. In our previous research-centric roles at The Rockefeller Foundation, U.S. Senate, and biotech startups, we saw how difficult it is to stay on top of new developments in niche areas. We found ourselves researching the same topics again and again to write memos or briefings that would steer significant organizational resources. Pretty quickly, we realized AI can now handle most of this process end-to-end. From there, Aidy was born!
3660. dioptra : We help founders and in-house counsels streamline their contract negotiations to close deals faster. We do this by building your contract negotiation playbooks and automating them with AI.
3661. winford-wealth : Winford Wealth empowers financial advisors to enhance client experiences with an AI Meeting Assistant. Our platform automates notetaking, seamlessly integrates with your CRM and tech stack, and delivers unique analytics to help you work smarter.
3662. willing : Willing makes it easy for people to make wills without a lawyer. Answer simple questions and we'll instantly create all the legal documents you need to name guardians for your children and transfer your assets. We were acquired by MetLife and our technology now powers the world's largest legal insurance company.
3663. cowlar : Cowlar, a fitbit for dairy cows provides data as a service to help dairy producers optimize operations and improve herd health. It's simple. You strap it around a cow's neck. It measures temperature, activity and cow behavior. Cowlar makes sense of the data and sends the farmers actionable recommendations on how to: 1. Boost reproduction rates 2. Identify diseases instantly 3. Improve milk yield 4. We can even tell if someone is stealing your cow ! Cowlar is simple, affordable and easy to use. It's rugged, water proof, comes with a 6 Month battery life so farmers dont have to worry about charging and farmers can be sent text messages in any language/ for those who cant read, we can send an automated phone call.
3664. diligent : We help fintech risk and AML compliance teams automate and strengthen routine customer due diligence tasks with LLMs. Our AI assistants slash cost-to-comply, improve risk detection and free up capacity for investigations that require human expertise and decision making. Fintechs and banks use us to automate workflows like running thorough due diligence on a legal entity, reviewing customer documents like registry extracts, proofs of address etc and remediating false positive alerts from their AML systems.
3665. lightscreen-ai : Lightscreen’s voice + video AI interviewer enables companies to identify and invest in genuinely skilled candidates. It's already being used by high-growth startups and recruiting agencies to screen technical candidates. We provide companies with a voicebot that can run a full-length technical interview, does smart interruptions, and multi-modal cheating detection. The AI provides the company rubric-based, rich candidate evaluation in minutes and can be fully customized to ask questions and evaluate based on the company's needs.
3666. depict : 
3667. caseflood-ai : Caseflood.ai helps law firms cut costs by a third and increase average case value by 20% by replacing their entire admin/operations staff with AI agents. It takes care of all admin tasks - from client intake to case analysis to engaging clients - allowing for firms to be run more profitably and wildly more efficient. Caseflood.ai is on a mission to fundamentally change the unit economics of the legal industry.
3668. framed-data : Predictive analytics for user churn. We use machine learning to help you identify when, and why, your users are leaving. We're building data science tools and predictive analytics solutions for businesses who want value without headcount. Our platform will also include ways for people to collaborate on datasets and analyses. Data science is a high demand field and want to democratize it for all companies to use. Framed Data was acquired by Block in 2016.
3669. autotab : Autotab is a drop-in AI knowledge worker that uses a mouse and keyboard like you—so anything you can do, it can do. Show it how to perform your task, train it to be hallucination-proof by adding examples and providing feedback, and then run it on demand or on a schedule—either locally or in the cloud. It achieves superhuman reliability, and can scale up on demand so your team doesn’t have to. Autotab is already handling complex tasks thousands of steps long, from messaging customers to triggering payments and updating data across core systems of record like Salesforce, HubSpot, Google Sheets, and Jira. Download the beta version of the app and get started right away, or sign up for a personalized onboarding: https://www.autotab.com
3670. upchieve : UPchieve is an edtech nonprofit that provides free, 24/7 online tutoring to low-income HS students. Using our app, students can request and get paired with a live volunteer in under 5 minutes. We’ve matched 100,000+ requests so far. Right now in the US, there are 8 million low-income HS students who don’t have anyone in their home who can help them with schoolwork. UPchieve is working to change that. Our vision is simple: we want to democratize access to academic support, so that every student has an equal opportunity to attend college and achieve upward mobility.
3671. praxos : Praxos allows insurance professionals to automate their operations—from filling out applications to crafting proposals and comparing coverages—in one place. This enables risk advisors to stand out and close more deals in an industry where service speed is critical, but mistakes are costly.
3672. cocoon : Cocoon actively brings your most important groups closer together. It provides a private space to gather, the tools you need to keep each other close, and helps you keep writing your ongoing story as a unit.
3673. farel : ‭ Farel replaces outdated, fragmented airline‬‭ systems with a single, fully‬ ‭ integrated platform—covering availability, pricing, reservations, revenue management,‬ ‭ consumer-facing apps, departure control.
3674. aer : Aer Compliance is Rippling for compliance, combining Code of Ethics, marketing, calendars, filings, workflows, and more in a single place.
3675. runkit : RunKit is the best tool for prototyping server-side JavaScript. RunKit notebooks remove the friction of trying new ideas. With one click, you'll have a sandboxed JavaScript environment where you can instantly switch node versions, use every npm module without having to wait to install it, and even visualize your results.
3676. long-term-stock-exchange : LTSE partners with companies across their lifecycle to help them grow and scale from formation through IPO. The Long-Term Stock Exchange (LTSE) is an SEC-regulated national securities exchange designed to align great companies and long-term investors with the shared goal of value creation. They have assembled a world-class team of experts and advisors with deep expertise in finance, regulation, law, and technology. At every stage, from private investment into the public markets, strategically managing equity and a company's cap table has an outsized impact on long-term success. So in addition to the exchange, LTSE also built LTSE Equity, a full-lifecycle cap table management solution for planning, managing, and collaborating on startup equity. Eric Ries, an entrepreneur and author of the New York Times bestseller, The Lean Startup, is the founder of the LTSE. Eric is the creator of the Lean Startup methodology, a global movement and management philosophy practiced by companies large and small. He founded a number of startups, including IMVU, where he served as CTO, and has advised on business and product strategy for startups, venture capital firms, and large companies, including GE, partnering with them on the FastWorks program.
3677. mixerbox : MixerBox is an AI Super-Apps technology company that helps people live easier through its 24/7 daily-essential mobile apps platform. Founded in 2012 by Harvard alumnus John Lai, MixerBox is backed by the Silicon Valley unicorn accelerator Y Combinator. The company’s apps have surpassed 300,000,000 downloads worldwide, and allow MixerBox users to wake up to MixerBox AlarmTunes, read MixerBox NewsDash, browse with MixerBox ChatAI Browser, pay with MixerBox AI Pay, watch MixerBox FreecableTV, and fall asleep with MixerBox Inspire Meditation. App by app, MixerBox strives to become the “Anything, Anytime Super-Apps Platform” to help people live easier.
3678. miru : Miru is an augmented reality app that shows you what any piece of furniture will look like in your home. We use a computer vision pipeline to create an augmented reality experience for furniture from any retailer's website so you can see what the coffee table you love will look like in your home.
3679. avo-2 : Avo is powering the future of "building commerce". We have found a way to embed consumer goods and services in the largest physical point of sale in the world - residential and office buildings. By offering a virtual marketplace solution for residential and commercial buildings as a world class amenity, Avo has unlocked a new channel to deliver everything from groceries to cleaning services to millions of people, while avoiding costly CAC and last mile delivery fees. By consolidating deliveries and services and leveraging the building operators to acquire their tenants as customers, Avo has driven exponential revenue growth in large cities across the US. We are backed by Y Combinator, Kleiner Perkins, Insight Partners, JLL Spark, Box Group and strong angel investors who backed Facebook, WeWork & Uber at an early stage. We currently operate in New York, Chicago, Houston, and Israel. Our rapidly expanding customer list includes Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Dropbox, MongoDB, Calendly, Cushman&Wakefield, Extell, Related, LeFrak, and 1000+ more locations.
3680. penciled : Penciled (W24) helps physical therapists fill 10X more canceled appointments. The core of our product is an AI agent named Nicole. Nicole helps patients join the waitlist, maintains live availabilities, and texts and calls waitlist patients to fill canceled appointments. When fully deployed, Nicole fills 79% of cancellations detected and takes an average of 3 minutes to fill an appointment. Therapists using Nicole see a 194% increase in cancellations filled.
3681. substack : Start a newsletter. Build your community. Make money from subscriptions. Publishing is free, with no limits. We only make money when you do.
3682. saleswhale : Saleswhale is an AI Sales Assistant that scales lead qualification via two-way email conversation. We look after the grunt work in Sales (ahem, admin) and bring only qualified leads and meetings to your Sales teams. On top of automating data entry into your CRM, Saleswhale also conducts lead enrichment on your prospects (e.g. capturing their most up-to-date contact details), capture referrals and rejection reasons, as well as manage lead assignment. Happy customers we support include Randstad, General Assembly and Verlocal - to name a few. Interested to find out more about our AI Sales Assistant? Request a customised demo for your business on our website and we'll get back to you shortly!
3683. hindsight : The best athletes deeply study their game tape to improve. Sales teams can't because 85% of the closed-lost reasons they track are incorrect. Hindsight helps teams collect objective, unbiased insights from their deal teams and buyers when opportunities move to closed-won, closed-lost, or churned. This allows teams to learn from each deal that comes through the pipeline and measurably improve win rates. Learn more at: https://www.usehindsight.com/
3684. tracecat : Tracecat is the open source Tines / Splunk SOAR alternative. Security engineers use our platform to build AI-assisted workflows that automate investigations and incident response. We're building the easiest way for security teams to fight burnout and reduce mean time to respond.
3685. dataglade : Dataglade is the smart way to research stocks. Our AI generates clear analyses and financial models for any public company, and our fundamental data fulfills almost every research need. We save investors hours every day by eliminating the need to manually dig through financial filings. Customers trust our reports because every number is backed by citations to our proprietary financial data warehouse. We inform $1+ billion of trades every day, and we’re just getting started. Check us out at dataglade.com.
3686. lemfi : LemFi is a digital bank for the African diaspora. There are over 20 million African immigrants in North America and Europe with many running businesses back home and we provide multi-currency accounts to help manage their unique banking needs.
3687. keydb : KeyDB is a fast key value database that combines in memory caching and FLASH persistence in a single package.
3688. pirros : Engineers and Architects end up redesigning hundreds of details a year just because they are unable to search through all their past details. Pirros allows designers to effectively search all their past project details so that they can find quality starting points rather than redesigning from scratch.
3689. comfy-deploy : Comfy Deploy lets developers build and deploy workflows that use Stable Diffusion and other models to produce images and video. Instead of cobbling together fragmented tools, teams now build workflows that generate assets they need on their own. **Team ComfyUI workspace** • Replacing cobbled-together solutions with a unified, team-focused environment without the pain of self-hosting. • Eliminate "works on my machine" issues with version control. • Share storage for models and outputs. • Leverage the power of ComfyUI without the complexities of self-hosting **Powerful GPU Infrastructure** • Access managed GPUs that grow with your teams needs • Tailor the platform to your requirements by easily installing custom nodes and models **Custom configuration** • Download the models you want, stored privately in your personal volume • Install the custom nodes your workflow needs • Train models on your own datasets. **API Deployments: From workflow to production in seconds** • Transform any workflow into a fully functional API immediately without extra engineering • Comprehensive observability on every run • Built-in API authentication • TS/JS/Python/Ruby SDKs for seamless integration
3690. racer : 
3691. newslabs : NewsLabs offers a platform that looks to help "old school" journalists adapt to the web, by giving them help with advertising, SEO, and other issues they may not have had to deal with before.
3692. zowpow : ZowPow is a Wireless toy game controllers for mobile games.
3693. mtailor : MTailor is an ipad or iphone service for men to capture their shirt size dimensions and have tailor made shirts made and delivered.
3694. nitrode : Nitrode is an AI-assisted gaming platform designed to transform your gaming experience. Whether you're an aspiring game developer or a passionate gamer, Nitrode empowers you to effortlessly build, launch, and play your favorite games. Leveraging AI, Nitrode streamlines the game creation and launching process, allowing creators to focus on their vision without getting bogged down by mechanics or technical complexities.
3695. mixr : Mixr is a social platform for remote and hybrid teams; we host virtual game tournaments and an ongoing office competition. Mixr tournaments have built-in audio/video chat, a library of fun games, ice breakers, and automatic breakout rooms - all built with the goal of being easy for managers and employees to use. By participating in tournaments, players earn high scores and trophies which places them on the company-wide leaderboards. Our goal is to bring companies together, boost employee engagement and help companies bolster a collaborative corporate culture.
3696. ribbon-health : Ribbon Health is a health care data platform that provides the critical infrastructure that health insurers, medical providers, and digital health solutions need to enable accurate provider directories, reliable referral management, and efficient care navigation. We offer a seamless API layer that integrates into each health care organization's existing workflow to build connectivity across the industry and continuously improve the accuracy of its data with its spread and use. Ribbon is the only solution to offer all of these capabilities in one platform, and delivers the most comprehensive data on doctors, insurance plans, and the cost and quality of care culled from thousands of sources. By providing this infrastructure, Ribbon delivers on its mission of making it easy for every health care decision to be high-quality, cost effective, and convenient.
3697. onegrep : OneGrep is a DevOps Agent that helps engineers automate manual devops tasks. It works across integrations that teams have to search, correlate, and operate automated tasks like runbook automation during incidents. OneGrep specializes across devops tools to help teams release code faster and more reliably so that engineers can spend more time building rather than being trained in bespoke tools like Observability, Ci/Cd, or Infra. Achintya and Brian are technical co-founders who have deep domain expertise in building and operating systems at scale at Coinbase, Disney, and Amazon. Achintya led the Search Team at Disney enabling DisneyPlus to scale to 70M users in two weeks. Brian was a founding engineer on the team that built the Incident Management Platform at Amazon that helps 30k DAUs in Amazon resolve critical incidents every day. https://www.onegrep.dev
3698. pahamify : Pahamify is an online learning platform for K-12 students in Indonesia. We provide high quality educational videos which can be used to learn various concepts ranging from math, science, social sciences, and language based on the local curriculum. We also provide thousands of practice questions and modules which can be used for college entry test preparation.
3699. trendex-own-the-stars : Trendex is a platform for fan engagement that enables billions of fans to actively follow the careers of top athletes and emerging talents. This is achieved through digital limited edition cards created and owned by the athletes themselves, with their value linked to their performance. Fans can purchase, trade, and utilize these cards on the Trendex platform, connecting with their idols more than ever before. Unlike existing trading cards, on Trendex, the stars and emerging talents create their own cards, making them truly official, uniquely limited, and directly tied to their careers and success. With Trendex, you have the opportunity to get involved early in the careers of promising athletes and actively engage with their daily performances through virtual competitions based on the real-life achievements of the talents you own.
3700. trellus : Trellus delivers simple coaching prompts to your salespeople in real time as they speak to prospects. Prompts are delivered in response to what is happening in a conversation. The goal of these prompts is to get more reps achieving quota and to reduce the time it takes to start attaining quota. Prompts are action-oriented steps toward empathetic listening and effective discovery. Examples include 'pause' (when talking too much), 'set next steps' (when wrapping up a call without them), and 'ask current state' (when encountering objections). Trellus is backed by Y Combinator and founded by former MIT researchers.
3701. vizeralabs : VizeraLabs' current project, Vizera, is a smart projection device that performs accurate projections on physical objects. The current primary application of this technology is fabric simulation for furniture stores. The Vizera Projector has the potential to assist both consumers and retailers in the fabric selection process.
3702. fightcamp : With FightCamp you get access to world-class boxing and kickboxing trainers, studio-quality equipment, and performance-tracking technology — all from the comfort of your home. The key to a FightCamp workout lies in our Punch Tracking technology — we allow you to measure every strike, deliver real-time stats and fuel your competitive side.
3703. mobydish : MobyDish, a tech-enabled service, allowing anyone to place a catering order online in less than 3min to feed people from 10 to 1,000 people. We select the best restaurants, hire and train our fleet of drivers who will deliver and setup and we're proud to have the best customer service in the space. We also offer on site catering host and premium service that can be requested in up to 48hours in advance. We own our tech from online ordering, to manage and dispatch orders to drivers, and build customer relationship. We're used by top companies in the biggest cities in the US and we help for our customers with any needs from breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner. We are known for our flexibility, reliability and provide recurring and last-minute catering orders.
3704. tensil : Tensil automates machine learning hardware accelerator design. Our goal is to enable ML in every device. We've developed an algorithm that can design the best hardware accelerator for your machine learning model, unlocking 10x better performance per watt-dollar than GPUs and other hardware accelerators. Our technology enables our customers to create unbeatable products with Tensil custom hardware at the core.
3705. model-ml : Team: Chaz: Founder of Fat Llama YC S17 - Acquired by Hygglo. Responsible for Business and Sales Arns: Founder of Fancy S20 - Acquired by Gopuff, Responsible for tech and product.
3706. subimage : SubImage builds maps of your cloud environment to give you visibility on what assets you have and how they relate to each other. This enables any security team to deeply understand their environments and reduce risk. SubImage is a managed offering built around the Cartography open-source project, and is founded by members of Cartography's original team.
3707. querypie : QueryPie solves two important customer problems. The first is being able to respond to ITGC audits to ensure financial transparency, The second is to keep customer privacy data and sensitive information from internal employees and external attackers,also provide insights into what data to use for AI. This is made possible by centralizing access control and auditing of IT assets such as databases, servers, and containers across both on-premises and cloud environments in One-place QueryPie. QueryPie covered various privacy law and compliances such as ITGC for Sox, PCI-DSS, ISO27001, HIPAA, CCPA, GDPR, ISMS
3708. lithit : LitHit creates smart shooting targets that light up on impact. Their devices connect to your smartphone and helps improve your skills with real-time analytics and games.
3709. littio : Littio is a neobank focused on solving the currency devaluation problem for Latin Americans. The product offers a Savings Account, a Mastercard debit, and investing options in U.S. dollars to help people avoid the currency risk.
3710. anasen : Anasen is an app that makes data analysis easy and accessible to non-technical business users.
3711. jitsu : Jitsu is the fastest, most durable way to collect event data from every source - web, app, email, chatbot, CRM - into your data warehouse. 100% open-source. Purpose built, secure and ready in minutes.
3712. breadfast : Breadfast is Egypt’s leading online grocery brand. We operate a fully vertically integrated supply chain, delivering 3,500 SKUs on-demand in under 60 minutes. Our selection includes a range of freshly baked bread, coffee, fruits, vegetables, eggs, dairy, meat and poultry, alongside a range of CPG staples designed to serve a household’s daily and weekly needs.
3713. bridgecard : Bridgecard makes it easy for fintechs to issue MasterCard or Visa cards that work anywhere in the world. We provide easy-to-integrate APIs to issue virtual and physical cards and we can get you started in weeks instead of months. For nearly three years, we’ve supported Africa’s top startups with stable, high-growth card solutions. Thanks to our stability, over 50% of our clients have grown their volumes by more than 5X within 6 months. Our commitment is to deliver great cards that work, provide reliable support, and unbeatable uptime so that your users can be satisfied.
3714. loula : Loula is a software platform and national provider network for independent birth & postpartum doulas who accept Medicaid/Medi-Cal. Doulas typically operate outside of the traditional healthcare system and face an enormous learning curve and administrative burden when trying to accept insurance. This is why we created Loula. Starting with doulas in California, Loula handles their credentialing, contracting, and revenue cycle management so that they can focus on delivering the best quality care to their clients.
3715. pangea-app : The best way to know if someone is a good fit is to work with them on a project before you hire them full-time. At Pangea, we make contract-to-hire easy and painless. We'll work with you to provide a shortlist of top, interested candidates. Our talent have an average of 5-7+ years of experience in design, growth, ops, product, and engineering, and are primarily based in the USA (but also extend to 155 countries)
3716. canary-technologies : We bring paper based workflows in hospitality online. Canary's solutions are trusted by hotels worldwide, including Ace Hotel Group, Four Season, Wyndham Hotels, Classic Hotels, and others. We are going to eat all of hospitality software.
3717. rivet : Rivet is the platform to build realtime, edge, or agent applications. Open-source & self-hostable.
3718. culdesac : Culdesac designs, builds, and manages walkable communities. Culdesac is a real estate developer and property manager. We build neighborhoods that embrace community, open space, and mobility. We offer residential units at a variety of price points integrated with local retail, commercial uses, and open space for nature and public plazas. Our communities prioritize biking, walking, and transit over cars and parking. We partner with leading mobility companies to deliver convenient and affordable transportation services. This creates a vibrant urban lifestyle without the need for a private vehicle. Read more here > https://medium.com/culdesac/introducing-culdesac-3fbfe7c4219c
3719. sift-dev : We're an intelligent pipeline for your logs. Reduce your logging volume and take back control in just a few clicks.
3720. linum : Linum builds state-of-the-art text-to-video diffusion models. Over the next ten years, we’re going to witness a shift in animation, tv, and film similar to what we’ve seen with YouTube - where most content will be generated by everyday people. At Linum, we’re using AI to build the tools that will enable this transition. Linum was founded by Sahil Chopra and Manu Chopra - two brothers with 10 years of AI experience. Sahil co-wrote Stanford’s graduate-course on LLMs (Large Language Models). Manu trained RL (Reinforcement Learning) models for anesthesia administration at UCSF. Sign up for our beta at https://www.linum.ai/
3721. requestly : Requestly helps developers build faster by intercepting, mocking, and testing API responses. No more waiting for backend developers, struggling with flaky staging environments, or fighting over API contracts. With 200,000+ active installs, Requestly is trusted by Google, Amazon, Workday, Indeed, and many other Fortune 500 companies.
3722. 54gene : We are an African genomics research, services and development company addressing the need to include under-represented African genomic data in research which could lead to medical breakthroughs and new healthcare solutions worldwide.
3723. disputeninja : DisputeNinja fights chargeback disputes for companies on Stripe. Companies provide evidence to us and we submit dispute responses on their behalf.
3724. astek-diagnostics-inc : Astek Diagnostics is building a platform (Eugris) that guides physicians in prescribing appropriate antibiotics for patients with bacterial sepsis in one hour. It is done by detecting the oxygen consumption of the bacteria
3725. mecha-health : Mecha Health is pioneering the future of radiology report generation through advanced AI technology. Our mission is to streamline the reporting process, enhance accuracy, and improve patient care. Unlike black-box solutions, our AI technology is built with transparency at its core. Every decision and suggestion made by our system can be traced and understood, giving clinicians complete confidence in their AI-assisted reporting workflow.
3726. bluedot : Bluedot makes EV charging payment easier and simplifies expense management for drivers and fleets. They're growing 40-45% weekly and made $110K GMV last week. Over 50% of vehicles sold will be electric by 2030. The payments management infrastructure for EV charging and the expenses doesn’t exist at the moment. The founders operated 100+ EV charging stations, worked in companies like Zipcar, Bosch, and Mercedes, and faced this problem through their own experiences. They built a team with a strong fintech background and publicly launched their Bluedot card on Dec 14th, 2022. Bluedot has raised their pre-seed from Y Combinator, Axel Springer, Porsche, Ford, TechNexus, DRF, and Pritchard Automotive.
3727. dreamrp : DreamRP lets users chat with character chatbots made by the content owners themselves. For example, users could chat with Jon Snow bot made by George R. R. Martin. Character chat is the most engaging social category ever - more than YouTube, Instagram, or TikTok. But all the current chatbots are fan-made knock-offs and do not have deals with the actual content owners, whose IP they are stealing. We’re building the first fully legal character chat platform that shares revenue with the content owners.
3728. outtalent : Outtalent helps top engineers from emerging markets get jobs abroad at companies like Google. We started Outtalent because we believe that talent is equally distributed, but opportunity is not and emerging markets have an exceptional number of great but undervalued engineers. We believe getting a job at one of the world’s best companies sets people on a great path to realize their full potential. Outtalent is funded by YCombinator, world-class venture capital funds, executives from Google and Facebook, and other angel investors who are passionate about our mission. We have already helped software engineers from Russia, Ukraine and Central Asia get jobs at Google, Amazon, Microsoft and many other companies in the US, Canada, and Europe.
3729. fleetzero : Fleetzero is building battery-electric cargo ships that operate with 5X higher net margins than fossil fuel ships. Our battery technology is the only pathway to decarbonize the $1.3 trillion shipping industry without a green premium.
3730. jiga : Jiga partners you directly with vetted manufacturers so you can communicate and get competitive, reliable human quotes. Our platform speeds up your workflow from request to delivery, so you can build great products faster than ever.
3731. leanmarket : LeanMarket discovers the highest performing placements of advertising that allows users to build an ideal campaign based off in-depth reporting.
3732. vidcode : Vidcode is computer science courses for tweens and teens. With over three hundred self-guided coding tutorials teens can build their web development skills with Vidcode course tracks. The curricular approach enables students to create video filters, simulations, augmented reality, and other creative projects -- all while learning the fundamentals of computer programming. Founded by female developers and artists, the company was originally built with girls in mind and pays special attention to increasing participation from young women and underrepresented minorities.
3733. cheetah : 
3734. wishroll : 
3735. wavy : 
3736. bluecargo : BlueCargo provides real-time information for trucking companies that move cargo from marine ports to first warehouses. We are building a platform that will be a one-stop shop for truckers to dispatch, schedule their workload and move containers efficiently Our startup was founded by two female entrepreneurs, graduated from Y Combinator (2018 batch), and has raised a 4 million seed round. We are at the beginning of an exciting growth phase where we have already developed product-market fit, a working platform, and hundreds of daily active users. We are looking for a Senior Software Engineer to grow the team and deliver a product to bring us to the next level. If working to bring technology to the logistics industry sounds exciting, then we’d like to connect with you! We are looking for a highly experienced professional who has created several full stack web applications and has experience with AWS.
3737. clinikally : India's leading digital health destination for Dermatology, Nutrition & Wellness. A multi-condition health platform providing Telehealth, AI-powered treatment plans, and Rx-grade products. Our virtual care is entirely science-based and personalized to each patient, based on prescription history, medical parameters, family history, lifestyle, surroundings and preexisting health issues.
3738. ochre-bio : Ochre Bio is a biotechnology company developing RNA medicines for chronic liver diseases.
3739. joberator : Joberator was formed to tackle head-on the growing challenges and connection-gap issues in the STEM employment and recruitment marketplace. Our goal is to help the right talent and right employers connect together through accelerated, streamlined and STEM-specialized search / matching tools and features. With a Centralized end-to-end platform where Graduates and Professionals can showcase their skills, plus access a unique connection-pipeline that empowers job seekers at all levels and in every Science, Technology, Engineering and Math fields - to 'Pinpoint' the right businesses who have the highest STEM employment and hiring demand for their skills, thus creating improved and increased hiring opportunities. Employers can post jobs with fully integrated social recruitment features plus extended reach job distribution channels, and search profiles of top-tier talent members, connect privately, arrange interviews and hire directly on the Joberator platform. Both Job seekers and Employers can create a Free account.
3740. operator-labs : Bitcoin pioneered unstoppable money, Ethereum the decentralized World Computer. Our goal is to ensure that intelligence follows the same trajectory.
3741. lumineye : We build portable, tactical, through-wall radar sensors to help first responders and soldiers detect and track people through walls.
3742. fabric : Fabric is a personal location-based journal that catalogs experiences and interactions. With Fabric, users can automatically preserve a record of places, paths, activities, add friends, and browse photos.
3743. simplifyd-systems : Simplifyd enables businesses deliver their internet apps (websites/mobile apps) data-free, similar to toll-free telephone lines. We do this through our Zerodata app Founded in August of 2021 and based in Lagos, Nigeria and Nairobi, Kenya, Simplifyd through its Zerodata platform is a trusted marketplace for data-free internet apps. Businesses list their internet apps (websites/mobile apps) on the Zerodata platform so end users can access them data-free! End users simply need to download the Zerodata app, available for both mobile and desktop, toggle on and enjoy access to listed apps data-free! We are on a mission to make apps accessible to over ~2B people in emerging economies who simply cannot afford the costs of internet data subscriptions.
3744. wasp : Wasp is a simple configuration language for building enterprise web apps with less code and best practices. If a developer wants to build an app like Instacart, they need to know a dozen different technologies and how to make them work together - Wasp solves this problem while still letting developers use React, Node.js and their other favourite tools. We will enable enterprises to build modern apps quickly at scale, like Databricks did for data management.
3745. payfura : Payfura is a fiat<>crypto on/off ramp payment gateway for web3 applications. We are a bridge between fiat and crypto so web3 applications can seamlessly onboard users across different geographies with local payment methods. Key Features: - Currencies supported: 150+ fiat currencies, 100+ crypto currencies. - Regions supported: US, Europe, LATAM, SEA, Africa. - Payment methods: Credit/Debit cards, E-wallets, Bank transfers and many more. - Partner Dashboard: A powerful dashboard for partners to get detailed insights and analytics for their orders - Handle KYC and AML compliances of local regions. - API and SDK integration.
3746. vectorshift : VectorShift is an AI automations platform. Teams leverage AI through VectorShift’s no-code or SDK interfaces to search through knowledge bases, generate documents, and deploy chatbots and assistants. The no-code platform gives end-users an interface to access pre-built workflows for end use cases (e.g., responding to RFPs, writing proposals, writing account plans) while letting them customize and build new ones with drag and drop components.
3747. honeydue : Honeydue is the best personal finance app for couples. Track your bills, bank balances, and spending together, and engage in meaningful dialogue about your goals and habits.
3748. luable : Luable is an Bank Deposits Marketplace in Latin America where Banks can get faster and cheaper funding from Retail users compared to opening traditional branch offices or hiring more Sales Representatives. Luable's Marketplace features all banks in one place so retail users can choose for their best needs, and enables upcoming banks to provide a full digital experience with no fixed costs. Since Launching in 2021, Luable has processed over USD $30M in deposits for many banks and its currently expanding its operations from Colombia to Mexico and the Caribbean.
3749. voicegem : 
3750. custora : Custora is an advanced segmentation platform designed to help online retailers better understand and market to their customers. We’re on a mission to remove the “mass” from marketing with software tools that focus on customers as individuals with unique needs and interests. Our software employs the state-of-the-art in customer analytics methodologies and integrates directly with marketing tools (ESPs, display, Facebook Custom Audiences, Google Customer Match) to help marketers deliver more relevant, meaningful communications. We’re excited to work with some of the leading retail innovators including Teleflora, Bonobos, 7 for All Mankind, and many more retailers spread throughout the world. Our offices are located in the Flatiron district of Manhattan. We work hard, work together, and care deeply about building a meaningful business, collaborative team, and exceptional culture that we’re proud to be a part of. And yes, we're hiring. Check out https://www.custora.com/careers for details.
3751. simplifine : Research workflows are broken, forcing researchers to cobble together disconnected tools for literature review, writing, data analysis, and more—tools not designed for their needs. Simplifine changes everything. Built by researchers, for researchers, it equips you with AI agents that act like JARVIS from Iron Man, capable not only of connecting and analyzing information but also running computational experiments and simulations. Our specialized LLM Agents can design and execute complex research experiments with PhD-level expertise, compressing weeks of work into minutes. With Simplifine, you no longer need to juggle fragmented tools—everything from advanced simulations to data analysis happens in one place.
3752. new-story : Since its inception, NS has raised over $80 million to build thousands of homes across Latin America and impact ~20,000 individuals. In 2021, NS launched a venture capital fund, Hometeam Ventures, focused on early-stage construction and housing innovations. NS graduated from Y Combinator and is a 4x recipient of Fast Company’s Most Innovative Company.
3753. apollo : Apollo GraphQL is the leader in open source and commercial GraphQL technologies. Apollo’s open-source GraphQL client, server, and gateway are downloaded more than 17M times per month and used in production by over 30% of the Fortune 500. Customers like Walmart, Expedia, Glassdoor, Audi, and PayPal, use the Apollo Graph Platform to unify their GraphQL efforts, collaborate on graph development, and safely iterate on their graphs. Based in San Francisco, Apollo is backed by Insight Partners, Andreessen Horowitz, Matrix Partners, Trinity Ventures, Y Combinator and individual investors.
3754. iliad : Iliad is a creative tool for generating images and 3D models. Iliad can make characters, environments, avatars, game icons, designs, backgrounds, textures, and materials. Right now, it's free for up to 50 images and 5 3D models per day. The transform setting gives you fully continuous, granular control over your generations, so you can color sketch out what you want and guide your visual ideas into refined images. It's the best image-to-image interface. It's easy to create detailed 3D meshes and voxel art from your images using the 3D pipeline.
3755. loop-health : Loop Health is a new type of healthcare provider in India combining high-quality primary care and insurance for employers. Employees get unlimited primary care visits at our asset-light clinics, alongside traditional hospitalization insurance. During YC, we grew from 0 to $85,000 ARR with 200% MoM growth. We serve 22 companies and 5500 members across Pune. Employers pay us $15/member/year and we make an additional $25 on prescriptions, lab tests, and hospitalization referrals. Our total gross margins are 70%. 200MM Indians are covered with employer-funded health insurance, representing a $8 billion dollar market opportunity, growing at 27% CAGR. Indian employers are dissatisfied with their health benefits today because insurance in India only covers hospital stays, not doctor visits – and only 8% of their employees will ever use the benefit in the year. With Loop, employers can offer a more engaging health benefit that includes doctor visits and telemedicine, alongside traditional hospital coverage, for about the same price. Because their employees have better access to doctors, we can also offer lower insurance premiums.
3756. jitx : 
3757. shelf : Shelf is the first Neobank in India focused on Young Professionals. It gives them easy banking & payment services and makes it effortless to pay bills together with friends.
3758. openpipe : OpenPipe is an SDK that abstracts away fine-tuning custom models. We capture your existing provider’s prompt-completion pairs in the background and use them to create a new model that is faster, cheaper and often more accurate than the original.
3759. reelables : 
3760. upcodes : UpCodes simplifies the compliance process for architects, engineers, and anyone involved in the design process by offering a centralized, searchable library of construction regulations. UpCodes uses NLP to parse through the various code adoptions for most major US jurisdictions and currently hosts 1400+ state and city codes. UpCodes also enables collaboration and project requirement calculation, making it a valuable tool for all professionals involved in the design process. With over 600,000 monthly active users, UpCodes has seen significant product-led growth, providing an efficient way for teams to manage construction regulations and ensure compliance.
3761. pribbit : 
3762. symple : Symple is building a logistics platform for field service & delivery teams. Our platform is re-shaping the $30Bn field service management market by powering real-time collaboration and communication across massively distributed service teams. Symple's mission is to modernize the way over 400M mobile-service workers complete their daily tasks, share information and interact with their customers -- which means touching, in some capacity, every businesses on the planet.
3763. leena-ai : HR/IT/Finance professionals spend 50% of their time answering employees' questions and tickets. It’s even worse on the employee side, they have to wait for a long time for simple answers. We are live with 500 customers like Coca-Cola, Sony, Puma, Vodafone, Nestle, P&G, Airbnb, etc. We have raised over $40M from top VCs like Bessemer, Greycroft, Elad Gil, etc. Leena AI consumes company’s enterprise knowledge & starts answering all employee questions just like a human would. It can even answer complex personalized questions like Why is my salary less this month? Employees can access Leena AI from commonly used UIs like MS Teams or Slack.
3764. glisten-ai : Glisten AI automatically categorizes and tags product data. With Glisten AI, e-commerce retailers and marketplaces can taxonomize millions of products with ease to enable better search, filtering, recommendations, and analytics.
3765. deed : Deed makes it easy for employees to donate to their favorite charities and volunteer with great causes at work. Companies like Airbnb and Stripe use Deed to increase employee retention and happiness. Since launching publicly in January, we’ve increased our logo count by 4X with companies like DoorDash, Box, and Lob. We did this by making sure employees have the same awesome experience using their workplace giving tool as they do with their favorite consumer apps.
3766. fuzzwich : Fuzzwich is an online animation platform developed by Habit Industries.
3767. catx : CatX is a digital marketplace connecting insurance carriers with institutional investors to trade and transfer insurance risk efficiently. We help to make insurance risk models understandable and accessible for asset managers so they can unlock new sources of returns. In addition, we streamline and digitalize the entire risk transfer process, so insurers can get faster, cheaper access to capital from our partner funds.
3768. mino-games : Top-25 grossing mobile gaming studio. Backed by Andreessen Horowitz and Y Combinator.
3769. octolane-ai : Building AI-first Salesforce. Our CRM does a lot more than just storing customer data. It uses AI to find the best customers, reach out to them and close them.
3770. rosebud-ai : Rosebud is building the AI Roblox. We will make it 1000X easier for a community of game devs to create and enjoy the games of their dreams. ‍ We’re a team of PhD researchers, creatives and engineers building the generative AI platform to enable game creation at the speed of thought. We believe all media creation will be done via generative methods in a few years. We're building that future.
3771. serinus-biosciences : Serinus Biosciences is tackling one of the toughest problems in cancer treatment: creating combination therapies to override treatment resistance. We leverage cutting edge technology to design a fully explainable AI platform primed with decades of system biology knowledge. Uniquely powered for biological inference, our AI engine uncovers how cancer cells evolve treatment resistance and identifies molecules to overcome resistance escape routes. We design combinations that are safer, more effective, and can get to patients quickly. Founded by MIT PhDs and supported by a scientific advisory board of top academics from the Broad Institute, Dana-Farber, and UCSD, Serinus is powered by Y Combinator and other top investors to revolutionize precision medicine.
3772. dinesafe : We provides tools, data and systems to facilitate real-time insights, decluttering outbreak detection and enhancing risk mitigation. Our surveillance is used by industry, public heath and consumers globally.
3773. remy : Use Remy to discover upcoming engineering work, perform automatic triage and speed up your design reviews.
3774. combinehealth : Preventing revenue leakage in health systems using AI
3775. pine-park-health : We're a primary care practice that helps residents of senior living communities lead healthier, happy lives. Our mission is to keep senior living residents healthy—by keeping them away from hospitals where exposure to health risks is high. Through our new clinical care delivery model, we bring clinicians right into senior living communities, providing safer, more convenient primary care. Pine Park partners with senior living communities to provide primary care to their residents, building a value-based care model where we keep patients healthier. This allows us to provide comprehensive healthcare on-site, see patients regularly, and better support their holistic health.
3776. cyble : Cyble provides the fastest and most comprehensive coverage across adversaries, infrastructure, exposure, weaknesses, and targets. Cyble empowers governments and enterprises to safeguard their citizens and infrastructure by providing critical intelligence in a timely manner and enabling rapid detection, prioritization, and remediation of security threats through its advanced capabilities for data analysis, expert insights, and automated processes Headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia, and with offices in Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, Dubai, Saudi Arabia and India, Cyble has a global presence. To learn more about Cyble, visit www.cyble.com.
3777. brainbase : Brainbase is an AI workflow automation builder designed to handle complex enterprise workflows. Our customers use us to spin up everything from sales autopilots to full fledged customer support workflows in less than a day. SMBs and unicorns choose us over our competitors because we are the only platform that combines the power of AI with the ease and robustness of an off-the-shelf enterprise tool.
3778. svix : Svix is the enterprise ready and open source webhooks service. Webhooks are a pain. Developers need to worry about deliverability, retries, monitoring and security. All of which are different for webhooks compared to the rest of the stack. We turn all of that into a simple API call. Svix is sending billions of webhooks for customers both large (Fortune 500) and small (startups), and is backed by Y Combinator, Andreessen Horowitz (a16z), Aleph, and founders and CTOs of companies such as Github, PagerDuty, Segment and Lookout.
3779. infogami : What is Infogami? The art of transforming data into meaningful information. Infogami Business Intelligence (BI) solutions turn raw data into information that enables businesses to gain insights, improve decision making, reduce costs and support strategic objectives. Subject matter expertise is central to the Infogami ethos. The ability to communicate effectively and understand requirements, separates Infogami from other BI solutions. Bridging the gap between information and collaboration, Infogami solutions enhance collaborative decision making and interaction. This improves the communication and information sharing process within an organisation.
3780. scritch : Scritch is building the leading AI operating system for veterinary care. We provide AI agents to streamline operations including scheduling and clinical workflows.
3781. operand : Operand is building an AI to replace traditional consulting. We help businesses make better decisions by deeply analyzing their data across all sources—something consultants can’t do at scale. We’re starting in e-commerce and retail, where the businesses’ high data density and real-time feedback loops allow us to show impact fast. Our first capability is pricing and discount strategy. Operand considers everything—competitor pricing, ad strategy, inventory, and more—to ensure businesses maximize profit. And unlike other AI solutions, every Operand result is verified by human experts, including ex-MBB consultants, so you get actual impact, not just AI hype. We’re already generating 6-figure P&L improvements for early customers.
3782. dashdive : Dashdive attributes AI/LLM and cloud costs to customers, teams and products at the endpoint invocation level using observability tools. This allows software companies to optimize their pricing and evaluate the profitability of each product.
3783. silimate : Silimate is the co-pilot for chip designers; it finds functional bugs, predicts PPA issues, and recommends fixes in real-time alongside RTL development. Today, chip teams spend most of their 12-18 month design cycles converging to functional correctness and optimized PPA (power/performance/area). With Silimate, chip designers write correct, PPA-optimized RTL code from the onset and build better chips in less time.
3784. fresco : Fresco helps construction superintendents take 1000s of pages of notes, 10x faster. We automate the process of completing progress notes and punch lists, reducing time requirements from hours to minutes. Superintendents simply record videos of their site walk, and Fresco pulls out the relevant information and formats it into rich reports. We also offer one-click integrations with leading project management software like Procore and ACC, for maximum usability.
3785. mosa-mack-science : Mosa Mack Science is an interactive science curriculum that combines mysteries, labs and engineering challenges. Utilizing a fun, diverse cast of characters, each episode examines a science topic using an inquiry-model and ends with a query the students attempt to solve together using customizable discussion guides. Mosa Mack Science strives to expose all students to the thrill of problem-solving while empowering girls and children of color in science.
3786. pillarplus : We put life into a building by designing it’s mechanical, fire, electrical, plumbing services. Architects and contractors hire consultants, who still design the building manually. Our software automates this design step and even calculates the bill of materials with project cost estimates.
3787. metofico : Metofico provides a no-code data analysis tool tailored for the life sciences. Our platform enables life scientists to analyse complex/massive datasets and extract necessary insights without needing advanced programming skills. This accessibility helps both researchers new to data science and experts save months of work. Metofico aims to be the leading centralized platform for data analysis in life science research, covering a wide range of applications from brain activity analysis (like photometry and EEG) to AI-powered detection and tracking of research animals. Our vision is to accelerate research processes and enhance the quality of research outputs across the board. By streamlining complex data analysis and making it more accessible, we’re committed to driving forward scientific discoveries and innovation.
3788. admitsee : The peer-to-peer platform features the largest searchable database of college and graduate school application files – including essays, extracurriculars, test scores, and advice. The files are all uploaded by college students themselves and displayed in LinkedIn-style profiles. Prospective college students get to read real application examples and connect with the college students behind them. Our revenue-share model offers college students an easy way to make money by passing down their personal application journeys and insights to younger students. For every view their profiles get, they earn a commission. Not only does it bring transparency to the black box of admissions, AdmitSee believes it pays to pay it forward. Our mission is to level the admissions playing field so college is accessible to any student no matter their background. While the platform runs on a subscription service, we offer free access to students who qualify for aid under college readiness programs or those who attend Title I schools. AdmitSee has amassed millions of data points that allow the team to surface admissions insights. Both quantitative and qualitative information can be analyzed to provide big picture admissions trends or personalized recommendations for individual users. The data is applicable not just for students but also for educators and institutional players to better serve applicants. By providing cost-effective, direct access to data-driven peer insights, AdmitSee empowers applicants to improve their application strategies, find trusted peer mentors, and plan for their futures.
3789. yourchoice-therapeutics : YourChoice Therapeutics is revolutionizing the global contraceptive market. Our vision is to develop non-hormonal contraceptives to provide both women and men with birth control options that lack the associated risks of hormone-based options but are equally effective. Traditionally, it has been the women’s financial and health burden to have a contraceptive in place. Our first goal is therefore to bring a novel non-hormonal, on-demand and low cost female contraceptive to the market that will substantially improve their quality of life and well-being. Our second goal is to develop the first ever non-surgical and highly effective non-hormonal contraceptive for men. Currently, male contraception is limited to two main options – vasectomy or condoms. Having such options available to both women and men will globally allow for much better family planning, reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies including abortions and therefore reduce costs and ensure contraceptive health and well-being.
3790. emerge-tools : Emerge is a suite of developer tools designed to supercharge mobile apps and the teams that build them. Our tooling is already used by many of the best mobile teams in the world like DoorDash, Square, Airbnb, Duolingo, Stripe, among others. Come help us make it even better!
3791. assembly-2 : Assembly is a customer experience platform that turns customer feedback into product growth and support requests into long-lasting relationships.
3792. kino-ai : Kino automatically organizes footage to make video editing faster and more enjoyable. Kino saves hours every day for all types of video creation, from Youtube content to Hollywood blockbusters.
3793. lexter-ai : Lexter is the first legal LLM company in Brazil, already working with 3 out of the top 5 law firms in the Country
3794. fifthtry : FifthTry is a Notion-like documentation tool designed to end documentation rot. We integrate with GitHub and block code changes from getting deployed till documentation has been updated and approved. We call this Continuous Documentation.
3795. sanvivo : Sanvivo builds a multisided platform to enable customers to order medications, get pharmaceutical advice, and book health services at local pharmacies in Europe. Just like Shopify for pharmacies. Sanvivo gives pharmacies software to take, fill and schedule delivery for online orders. We also bring instant demand through integrations with 3rd party consumer delivery companies. Almost all pharmacies in Europe are, by law, local 1-person businesses. And they are not ready for online orders. Regulatory changes require pharmacies to take and fill e-prescriptions (roll-out Jan-23), but many have no way to do this online today. Sanvivo uses technology to give local pharmacies digital superpowers, enabling them to combine fast supply and high-quality consultation with state of the are e-commerce solutions.
3796. inevitable-tech : Iron Ox is redesigning agriculture to confront its staggering environmental impacts and adapting farming to meet our future needs by making it a precise science that lets plants reach their full potential.
3797. alex : Tired of switching tabs to cursor every time you're building your iOS app in Xcode? Worry not! Alex is a sidebar app that works directly with Xcode, and has the same Cmd+L, Cmd+K, and Apply Code commands as Cursor. And, it's super fast. Check it out: https://alexcodes.app
3798. tetra : Tetra uses AI to take notes on phone calls, to help you focus, remember the details, and keep your team in sync.
3799. jerry-inc : Jerry makes it really easy to save time and money on car expenses. The car ownership super app first launched its AI- and machine-learning-based car insurance compare-and-buy service in 2019. Today, Jerry serves more than 3 million customers as a licensed insurance broker and an authorized auto refinance provider, while also offering free telematics-based driver safety and repair estimator services. The fastest, easiest and only automated way to compare and buy car insurance, Jerry gives you customized quotes from more than 55 insurance carriers in 45 seconds. Customers skip all the long forms and unwanted human interaction while Jerry hunts for better rates and completes the transaction, saving more than $800 per year. In 2022, Jerry launched its auto refinancing marketplace, which can help customers lower their monthly car payments, on average, by $118 dollars. Jerry is scaling its car insurance and auto refinance products and expanding its marketplace into new categories, removing friction from additional car ownership needs. Jerry will be the only app car owners need to manage all their car expenses. Headquartered in Palo Alto, the company has offices in Toronto, and Lockport, NY, and has removed physical location from recruiting restraints to attract talent.
3800. kosh : Kosh is a digital lending platform in India, empowering blue-collar workers with a unique joint liability model (much like microfinance but for a different segment). The social component of their underwriting helps control credit risk significantly and lower CAC/Opex in one go, making this 150mn-strong segment credit-worthy.
3801. grain : Grain is a mobile app that transforms the debit card you already have into a credit card by linking it to a line of credit based on your cash flow. For the millennials, Gen Zs, and immigrants who are afraid of falling into crippling credit card debt, there is now a distinct market opportunity to offer an alternative to how these 100M people access and manage credit.
3802. noya : Noya is radically reducing the upfront capital costs and installation time required to perform direct air capture. We're doing this by retrofitting existing pieces of industrial equipment like cooling towers and turning them into CO2 capture machines.
3803. getcho : Getcho is a local delivery platform for high-value goods. We are building a high-reliability delivery network on top of high-volume, unreliable fleets, just like how TCP builds reliable end-to-end networking on top of an unreliable base network (IP).
3804. tremor : React components to build charts and dashboards
3805. velontra : Velontra is building a hypersonic space plane that can takeoff from anywhere in any weather. This horizontal takeoff increases launch reliability and enables customers to directly access any orbit. Our air-breathing propulsion system is up to 6 times more fuel efficient than any rocket, and uses oxygen from the air which creates thousands of pounds of additional payload capacity. We have millions in current government/commercial contracts and LOI’s. We have assembled a team of industry experts, government senior executives, and a NASA astronaut. The hypersonic space plane will work by taking off from any runway with a jet propulsion system. Next, it will climb to over 100,000’ and Mach 5. At this point, it will launch a 2nd stage rocket directly into the desired Low Earth Orbit. Velontra is “boldly going where no one has gone before.”
3806. dragoneye : Dragoneye helps devs build powerful apps and features that use images and videos. With our cutting-edge AI tech, folks can recognize things in the world with high accuracy and deep granularity - more than 13K classes - right out of the box. No more arduous process of annotating any training data or doing any machine learning work themselves. Try out our demo today at https://dashboard.dragoneye.ai/!
3807. guilded : Guilded upgrades your group chat and equips your server with integrated event calendars, forums, and more.
3808. synaptiq : Synaptiq's mission is to become the AI infrastructure for the $110B medical education industry, leading to better physicians, a more efficient healthcare system, and improved patient care.
3809. structured : Structured is a full-stack platform for building, deploying, and managing interactive data applications. It brings ingestion, storage, transformation, and visualization into a simple SDK, minimizing complexity while maintaining flexibility for both prototyping and production-grade use cases.
3810. plasticity : Plasticity builds APIs that help developers create human-like natural language interfaces. We believe in a future where computers can actually understand language and communicate.
3811. heydoctor : Waiting rooms suck. Insurance and the paperwork are worse. We are a team of doctors, developers, lawyers, designers, and more working to try to fix it. Using our app, and soon the website, you can access medical care online right now and be done in 5 minutes. No insurance, video, or phone calls necessary and most visits are under $20. You can chat with your doctor anytime and anywhere. Our services are currently available in Arizona, California, Connecticut, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Montana, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Virginia and Washington, but don't worry the rest of the country coming soon. Here are the medical services we offer so far: - Acne Diagnosis, Treatment, and Prevention - High Cholesterol (Lipid) Testing and Treatment - Start or Refill Birth Control - Urinary Tract Infection (UTI) Testing and Treatment - Vitamin D Screening and Treatment - Pre-Diabetes Screening and Referral - Hepatitis C Screening and Referral - Female Condom Prescription - Help Quitting Smoking - Find Out Your Blood Type We are adding new services every week, so if you don't see what you need let us know. We want HeyDoctor and our partner health systems to be your first stop for healthcare and be your personal medical record.
3812. zaymo : Recent changes in email clients made it possible to embed a whole website inside an email. We've built the first email builder that lets Shopify brands create emails that are fully interactive like websites. Zaymo emails decrease friction and increase conversion for product marketing and data collection.
3813. harmoney : Harmoney is a bond trading platform for financial institutions and asset managers in India. We are building the infrastructure to digitize bond markets and make bond trading more efficient.
3814. chatpay : Hubla is the Shopify for creators, enabling anyone to build, manage, and grow their online business. We provide powerful tools to create courses, communities, sell products, manage memberships, and deliver content—all in one platform. For example, a fitness coach can charge her audience for a unique digital weight-loss program, turning passion into profit. Creators need simple, flexible tools to succeed. Hubla’s fully customizable platform lets them own their strategy, stand out from competitors, and create unique experiences. This approach works—our top creator earns over $8M annually. Hubla is leading the creator economy revolution, empowering individuals to transform their expertise into sustainable, scalable businesses.
3815. gecko-robotics : Gecko Robotics is the pioneer of AI + Robotics [AIR technology], transforming how the world builds, operates, and maintains its most critical infrastructure for a more reliable and sustainable future. Using fixed sensors and robots that climb, crawl, swim, and fly, we combine first-order data layers with the predictive power of AI into a single source of truth for the physical world. Cantilever™ is our operating platform, powered by AIR technology, that empowers teams to achieve operational excellence through actionable data for immediate and long-term planning.
3816. guardian-bio : Your immune system is your body’s best weapon and defense against cancer. It is only when it is overcome that cancer develops into full blown disease. Dendritic cells sit at the helm of the immune system, directing and dictating immune responses. Data has shown dendritic cells are often dysfunctional in cancer patients, and that this dysfunction is a bottleneck for other therapies. Guardian Bio’s approach is focused on creating a dendritic cell-based product which drives anti-tumor activity through activating the killers of the immune system AND training them against multiple cancer targets. We take stem cells from cancer patients, turn them into specific therapeutic dendritic cells specially trained against that patient’s tumor, and re-introduce them back into the body. Our therapeutic dendritic cells revitalize the killers of the immune system and give them the kickstart they need to fight - and win - against cancer.
3817. outfit : We sell DIY home renovations in a box. We format our architect-designed templates to a customer's space. We then buy all the materials needed on their behalf, and ship it to their door for them to build. The experience is accompanied by an app that guides from start-to-completion of the project.
3818. repool : Repool makes it easy to launch and operate private funds, like Carta or Juniper for hedge funds. We build modern back office software and services to modernize and simplify launch, fund administration, and LP onboarding.
3819. data-marketplace : Data Marketplace helps people find, buy and sell data online. It helps users seeking a specific data to creating a request for free, explain their needs, add an optional deadline and budget, and in turn allows aggregators respond with relevant data for purchase. All of the data on Data Marketplace is available for immediate purchase and download. They provide data in standard formats (e.g. Excel, CSV, XML, JSON) . Data Marketplace is funded by Y Combinator.
3820. elodin : Elodin creates flight software, simulations, and hardware for drones, satellites, and defense.
3821. techmate : Techmate offers simple, on-demand tech support for small businesses and startups. With fast appointment booking, transparent pricing, and friendly, trusted technicians, we aim to take the frustration out of tech support. Get onsite or virtual tech support in as little as 2 hours.
3822. serif-health : At Serif Health, we are taking the complexity out of the cost of healthcare. Our mission is to make healthcare pricing and contracting more transparent, easier to understand, fairer, and ultimately more affordable for all. New price transparency regulations have made a wealth of healthcare pricing and reimbursement data publicly available for the first time, but it is still extremely hard to ingest, organize, and actually use this data to understand the cost of care. That’s where we come in. Serif Health is building healthcare price intelligence data products and APIs to power the future of more transparent healthcare. We are an early-stage, venture-backed startup with a small, collaborative team of healthcare experts, engineers, and designers. We are excited to add new team members motivated by our mission, passionate about making a difference in healthcare, and looking forward to learning and growing from the challenges we will face along the way!
3823. jamble : Jamble is the new place to buy & sell secondhand fashion. We empower resellers with video & Live streaming tools to sell more effectively; and buyers with a unique compelling experience. Jamble is designed for the sustainable fashion community to engage, connect and inspire. We’re a mobile-first platform and launched on iOS! 👉 Check us out: https://apple.co/3Pfwran
3824. everyday-me : Everyday.me is an automatic journal that helps you to record your life and store it forever.
3825. devflight : 
3826. glassmap : Glassmap was acquired by Groupon (NASDAQ: GRPN) in January 2013. Glassmap is a simple, beautiful way to show your friends where you are and what you are up to! Use it to coordinate meetings and hangouts, keep up with loved ones, and serendipitously discover who and what is around you. Available for iOS and Android phones. Our mission is to make a clearer world and help people find life via Glassmap! Glassmap is backed by YCombinator and other top investors.
3827. artillery : A complete load testing platform, designed for continuous testing. Run load tests from your own AWS account, with zero infra to manage. Used by thousands of developer teams to help keep their production systems fast & reliable.
3828. k-scale-labs : We're building humanoid robots to do most of what you find boring or tedious. We have an open-source design which we are releasing to the public, which is capable of walking, talking and manipulating objects.
3829. sunset : Sunset can track down bank accounts, retirement accounts, investment accounts, property and more for families after losing a loved one. Sunset will close those accounts and move the money into a Sunset estate account to manage.
3830. rabbet : Rabbet brings efficiency, accuracy and transparency to the complex construction finance industry. The platform uses machine learning to parse documents and connect information for reduced administrative burden, verifiable compliance, and faster decision-making for real estate lenders and developers. Formerly Contract Simply.
3831. aon3d : AON3D is a rapidly growing startup on a mission to put industrial 3D printing capabilities into the hands of those who need it most. Our technology has made it 10 times cheaper than before to 3D print with advanced thermoplastics, and we continue to push the boundaries on commercializing new materials for 3D printing. Our customers span the globe and are pioneers in the application of 3D printing in their field – from automotive tooling to aircraft interiors, foundry molds to public art installations, prosthetics to guides for radiation and surgical oncology. AON3D is a graduate of Y-Combinator and venture-backed by top investors from Silicon Valley.
3832. youshift : We make scheduling for doctors fast, easy, and stress-free. By blending complex hospital rules with personal preferences, our algorithm generates smart, conflict-free schedules that save time and improve work-life balance. With seamless shift swaps and real-time updates, schedules remain flexible and always up-to-date.
3833. secoda : Secoda helps data teams deliver trustworthy data for AI and analytics. With Secoda’s search-first approach, your data catalogue won’t collect dust—easily search across all columns, tables, dashboards, events, and metrics. Ask any question and get fast, contextual answers powered by AI. Built to empower teams, Secoda combines data cataloging, governance, and observability into one seamless platform that’s accessible, intuitive, and even self-hosted if needed. Whether you need a data dictionary, column-level lineage, or AI-powered insights, Secoda makes discovering, understanding, and trusting your data effortless for every employee.
3834. eden : Eden provides workplace software for modern companies. Our suite includes tools such as Desk Booking, Room Scheduling, Visitor Management, and more.
3835. reworkd : At Reworkd, we're working on multimodal LLM agents that serve as the simplest way to extract web data at scale. Customers come to us with lists of 100s to 1000s of websites along with a data schema. Our agents traverse these websites, understand their structure, and generate code to extract data from them. We've been working on LLM agents since their inception and have received over 30k stars on GitHub and 1M+ users across previous agent products. If you're interested in our pilot program, shoot us an email!
3836. wifi-dabba-inc : We enable humans & machines with internet connectivity at a price that they can afford. The inspiration for Wifi Dabba came from the founders working together for the last decade in the mobile application industry and realising the biggest reason for user churn being access to cheap and affordable internet access. From having worked on ground onboarding users and facing poor connectivity issues all the time, we took it on ourselves to fix the internet access problem for the common citizen. At Wifi Dabba (YC W17), we are building a low cost, scalable & distributed Wi-Fi infrastructure to connect next billion users online. We do this by deploying a grid of lasers (Free Space Optics) over the cities & town and bring cheap and fast internet for everyone. We enable anyone to buy 1 gig of data access at a time at a price they can afford. Sachetization of internet access is the foundation to rebuilding internet for all. We do this by leveraging crypto and blockchain to truly make internet infrastructure ownership distributed — our vision is to be connectivity layer for the Web3 world.
3837. sirka : Our program helps people prevent or manage chronic diseases by breaking bad eating habits with plans created by vetted, certified nutritionist / dietitians. Customers get an unlimited chat access to consult with our professionals, and personal recommendations to help adopt new habits into life.
3838. hioperator : HiOperator provides customer support as a service. Banish your ticket backlog and free up your in-house team for higher level tasks.
3839. sweetspot : Sweetspot is an all-in-one government sales platform, powered by AI. We help businesses find, manage, and respond to government opportunities.
3840. tint : Tint makes it easy for tech platforms to embed insurance into their products. For example, when you go to Outdoorsy to rent an RV, the insurance that is sold with the rental is powered by our technology. Our product provides anything that is needed from underwriting software to access to insurers to compliance, in a simple API.
3841. journey : Journey is a storytelling tool designed for the internet age. We've identified hundreds of opportunities to tell better stories: sales, marketing, fundraising, and many more. Journey is a tool that allows you to combine all sorts of content into one interactive experience. We believe that the future of storytelling looks more like a video game than a slideshow. We're an experienced senior team (the founders have worked together for 6 years across two companies) that is building a well funded and thoughtful company.
3842. taptolearn : When we began our first experiments with using Mobile devices a few years ago we were very excited by the possibility of learning in nontraditional manner. The beauty of effectiveness of the iPhone first and the iPad platforms gave shape to our vision of building beautiful apps, designed to build learning for your iPhone, iPod touch and iPad Devices. Each of our apps are extremely easy to use, focus on just one area of learning using interactivity and add an element to fun while learning.
3843. maihem : MAIHEM creates AI agents that test AI products. We enable companies to automate their AI quality assurance, enhancing AI performance and reliability before and after deployment.
3844. gaiascope : Software that simplifies electric grid forecasting and operations. Clients--hard assets like wind, solar and energy storage--get timely, unbiased information to improve revenues, reduce risk, and maximize the profitability of every megawatt. Gaiascope also manages a quant fund trading electricity; with this fund, the company builds additional credibility with clients and accelerates the continuous improvement of its software.
3845. signoz : SigNoz is an open-source observability platform native to OpenTelemetry with logs, traces and metrics in a single application. An open-source alternative to DataDog, NewRelic, etc. Open source Application Performance Monitoring (APM) & Observability too
3846. eduflow : Eduflow is a tool for running active online learning experiences. We are used at thousands of institutions around the world all the way from middle school to corporate training at Google. We believe that digital tools for learning need to be more than just a playlist of videos. We're building learning activities that instructors can use to engage learners and make them active participants in their own learning process.
3847. trackstar : Trackstar is the Plaid for supply chain logistics. Our universal API provides a simple and well-documented way for companies to integrate with hundreds of warehouse management systems in minutes, not months.
3848. volumetric : About Us Volumetric is a recognized world leader in building living multicellular tissues, with a focus on replicating discrete functions of the human body for basic mechanistic biology, laboratory testing and screening, and drug development. Founded in 2018 by Bagrat Grigoryan and Jordan Miller as a spin-out from Rice University, the full potential of our work is to build whole human organ replacements for patients, made from their own cells. Our Technology and Approach We have invented a suite of breakthrough 3D bioprinting technologies, featured on the cover of Science, that can build human tissue with complex blood vessel networks. We are leveraging this technology in the short term to build patient-specific tissues for drug safety and efficacy testing. Patient cells are taken from a biopsy, added to our proprietary 3D printed tissues, and then drug compounds are injected through the blood vessel network to mimic actual drug delivery in humans. Our vision is that our technology will provide rigorous, reproducible, and predictive outcomes for patients, resulting in drastically improved outcomes for diseases like cancer. More broadly, we see the full potential of our mission as being able to produce functional tissue and organ replacements for diseased or damaged vital organs in the body such as the lung, liver, pancreas, kidney, and heart.
3849. ziffyhomes : ZiffyHomes is a living solace for young professionals with beautiful living spaces, vibrant community, excellent services and full time support to all our customers. We work towards providing the highest standards of living for young professionals and saving them from woes of house hunt. We wish to provide a space for them where they can flourish. Founded by Saurabh Kumar & Sanchal Ranjan where they are fascinated about formation of communities around both living and working spaces in a country like India for the last 15 years of their educational and corporate lifetimes and now fostering India's first physical social network via co-living. Join us on our journey of excited times ahead. Visit us at www.ziffyhomes.com or follow our progress on: Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ziffyhomes/ Twitter: https://twitter.com/ZiffyHomes Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/ziffyhomes/
3850. olio-labs : Olio labs uses AI to develop combination therapeutics that consider the thousands of interacting proteins in your body rather than targeting just one or two. Their lead combinations target obesity and are more effective with fewer side effects than Ozempic, the fastest growing drug of all time. Their custom ML built from real-world expertise and cutting edge AI searches trillions of combinations to find the perfect one.
3851. dailybot : DailyBot is a chat AI Assistant and Workflow Automation platform. It takes chat to a new level by providing automation and chat use-cases that are underserved by the current messaging platforms. It helps users get more things done within the chat to be more efficient and save time. The new generation lives in chat. Remote/hybrid teams use DailyBot to automate daily workflows like stand-ups, team check-ins, give kudos to teammates or even to create their own chat-automation for their back-office with no-code/low-code in an environment similar to Amazon Alexa. DailyBot offers numerous add-ons to make the work experience better. DailyBot provides a ChatGPT assistant and a unique AI Workflows tool. Users can build multi-step workflows that use AI to generate content, process information and run actions. DailyBot is cross platform and already available for Slack, Microsoft Teams, Google Chat and Discord. Keywords: chatops chat-ops async nocode assistant workflow automation developer
3852. onederful : Onederful is an API for dental insurance. Automate verifications and claim submissions across 200+ dental insurance carriers.
3853. gamebytes : 
3854. artie : Artie is software that streams data from databases to data warehouses in real-time. Today, most companies run their ETL process every few hours or overnight, so their data warehouse is always out of date; with Artie, the warehouse always has live production data.
3855. resident-boost : 
3856. entangl : Entangl is automating engineering design. Starting with datacenter design, our AI agent automatically detects issues while engineering teams work. For each issue detected, Entangl suggests a detailed step-by-step solution. 20,000 datacenters are being built every year, making this a massive market.
3857. unbabel : Unbabel is an AI Centric Language Operations Platform that eliminates language barriers so that businesses can grow across markets. Our platform enables anyone to easily create flexible translation pipelines for any language or type of content in a scalable way. The pipelines combine best in class AI components, such as our Machine Translation and Quality Estimation, with different levels of human-in-the-loop capabilities, such as human translation and human annotations. The result is an easy to use, super scalable platform for Language Operations that can easily go from real time translation using adapted machine translation to high end human transcreation. Based in San Francisco, Unbabel works with hundreds of businesses such as Lego, Logitech, Microsoft, Warner Bros, Virgin Pulse, Booking.com or Under Armour, to communicate effortlessly with customers around the world, no matter what language they speak.
3858. myvr : MyVR provides short-term rental businesses the ability to simplify and centralize the management of their marketing channels - Airbnb, HomeAway/Vrbo, TripAdvisor, Booking.com, Expedia and more - from a single dashboard, while also providing these businesses with their own online presence to grow their direct sales channel. MyVR's easy-to-use software also allows short-term rentals to streamline and automate day to day tasks, saving time and money, reducing errors, and improving the experience of travelers. MyVR's open platform also connects the MyVR core software seamlessly to other best of breed applications and services.
3859. fobo : FOBO is a local marketplace for selling consumer electronics. FOBO offers users a new way to sell goods via mobile app. It gets rid of all the hassle that is usually associated with local marketplaces and makes it ultra-simple and ultra-fast to do so. The app guarantees sellers will get a certain price for their devices and will be paid upfront, and ensures that their product is sold fast — within 97 minutes.
3860. medium-biosciences : We develop AI models & new assays to create functional, therapeutic proteins.
3861. morf-health : Morf is an integration platform that allows healthcare providers to sync patient data and automate workflows across their tools. For example, when a patient submits an intake form, Morf creates a patient record in an EHR and sends insurance information for an eligibility check. You can think about it like Segment + Zapier for healthcare providers. Morf helps their customers eliminate tedious administrative tasks and empowers them to focus on patient care as they grow.
3862. tuli-health : Tuli health is turning all 11 000 independent pharmacies in the UK into diagnostic centers. Our software makes it easy for these pharmacies to sell and fulfill COVID-19 tests today and other diagnostic tests tomorrow. Instead of waiting for a long time or travelling a long distance to receive the tests, customers can now receive tests in their neighbourhood, with results guaranteed in 24 hours. Tuli Health was launched in June, had onboarded 147 pharmacies, performed over 7000 diagnostic tests, and helped pharmacies generate $1.3 million in incremental revenue per month. The vision is to make every local pharmacy into a diagnostic center powered by Tuli Health.
3863. purpose-finance : We help our users align their money with their values by giving actionable environmental, social and governance data about the companies that they shop at. And we keep it fun with perks and rewards.
3864. vitalize-care : Vitalize Care is solving the most pressing clinical operations problems for health systems, starting with optimizing staffing and scheduling. We help hospitals dramatically reduce labor spend, improve operational efficiency, and unburden clinical leaders from hours of work per day. We're partnered with some of the country's most innovative health systems, and are excited to share more details soon!
3865. hokali : HOKALI is the marketplace for buying after-school programs and enrichment activities with high-quality, vetted vendors in the US. We simplify the process of booking, organizing, and managing after-school programs and camps for schools.
3866. strideq : StrideQ (formerly SliceQ) is the automated phone ordering system for restaurants which ensures no missed calls and no missed orders. Surprisingly, 33% of restaurant customers still prefer ordering via phone calls, but front desk staff is often busy and revenue is lost. After enabling StrideQ our customers have increased their sales by over 10%, even while dealing with staff shortages in covid times. Phone ordering is our wedge to become the point of sale system for all restaurants. StrideQ also streamlines dine-in and online orders in one single system. It helps to run restaurants more easily by effectively managing operations during weekend peak rush.
3867. layup : With a unique second cursor that integrates directly into your UI, Layup delivers real-time, adaptive assistance, completely transforming user engagement. We save product and support teams countless hours that would otherwise be spent creating in-app guides and other product documentation.
3868. observant-ai : Observant AI is an iPhone-based driver monitoring system for commercial fleets. It uses machine learning + iPhone's depth sensors to detect unsafe driver behavior, prevent accidents, and save lives.
3869. lunatic : At the core of the company there is Lunatic, a runtime for developing low latency, robust and distributed networking applications. It can be used for web applications, game servers, video and voice chat, or other apps requiring low latency runtimes. Lunatic borrows many proven ideas from Go and Erlang, but also uses WebAssembly to make it easier targetable from existing languages, allowing teams to leverage already existing code and libraries.
3870. chaos-genius : Chaos Genius is a DataOps Observability platform for Snowflake. Enable Snowflake Observability to reduce Snowflake costs and optimize query performance.
3871. sakneen : 
3872. rigplenish : Our vision is to reduce the paperwork required after each Ambulance run and increase efficiency of the Ambulance operations and create a channel to securely communicate information to the hospitals in a timely manner.
3873. mattermost : Mattermost provides secure collaboration for technical and operational teams that work in environments with complex nation-state level security and trust requirements. We serve technology, public sector, national defense and financial services industries with customers ranging from tech giants, to the world’s largest banks, to the U.S. Department of Defense and governmental agencies around the world. Our self-hosted and cloud offerings provide team messaging, file sharing, integrations, audio and screen share, workflow automation and project management on an open source platform deployed by the world’s most secure and mission critical organizations. We co-build the future of collaboration with over 4,000 open source project contributors who’ve provided over 30,000 code improvements towards our shared product vision, which is translated into 20 languages.
3874. medumo : We’re a group of Harvard and Yale-trained physicians, engineers, designers, and social entrepreneurs who came together to transform care delivery. Medumo’s CareTours™ enable healthcare organizations to effectively provide turn-by-turn guidance to patients without disrupting workflow by utilizing automated, precisely-timed messages sent via text and email. - Dramatically improve procedural completion rate - Increase referral conversion - Reduce staff burden - Recover revenue loss Want to get started in automating patient navigation for your Hospital, ASC, or Practice? We serve all specialties. Reach out to our leadership team for a brief chat or full presentation. Bob Smith - Director Strategic Partnerships Bob@medumo.com Cell # is 502-744-2911 EST
3875. pearson-labs : Pearson builds AI agents to automate corporate transactions. Large law firms use us to run gigantic books of businesses with AI, reducing their cost of delivery 40-60%. We work with Orrick as our first design partner, starting with M&A due diligence and financings. $3-6T dollars flow through corporate transactions a year and lawyers take home 1-3% as their cut for every transaction ($150B / year). In the long run, we will capture 50% of the corporate transaction market with the top 30 law firms. We will then provide our AI to companies so they can execute these transactions themselves.
3876. bonfire : Bonfire is the leading next-generation eSourcing / competitive bidding and RFx platform. Bonfire goes beyond the basic automation of eProcurement suites and older simple bidding tools, helping you to make better, faster decisions. It’s a collaborative, powerful, and insightful cloud-based platform for today’s procurement needs. We're focused on government procurement teams (which control ~18% of GDP) and enabling them to thrive in a world of crushing compliance requirements and very high workloads. Bonfire streamlines the entire RFx and bidding process, helping to run projects >50% faster. Bonfire empowers users with unparalleled evaluation features for deeper analysis, delivered through our distinctly intuitive and easy-to-use platform. Bonfire is trusted with over a billion dollars of supplier selection decisions per month, and is one of the fastest growing new procurement technologies.
3877. beeper : We're building the best chat app on earth. Beeper connects to 15+ different chat networks. Unified search, advanced filtering and more. Available on Desktop, Android, iPhone and iPad. The idea is simple: messaging today is painfully fragmented. We're going to fix that. Every time we communicate there is friction lurking under the surface. E.g. Which app did I message her on? Where's that photo gone? Why can't I join an iMessage group from my Android? Our mission is to eliminate that friction and boost the efficiency of the entire human race.
3878. rose-rocket : Rose Rocket is a modern Transportation Management System. We help transportation companies move and process online instead of over the phone or email.
3879. ross-intelligence : Founded by two computer scientists and an attorney, our mission is to develop technologies that increase access to legal services around the world. We are going after the $8B legal research market with our AI-powered legal research platform that allows lawyers to research in 80% less time and find cases they would have otherwise missed. Today, we are helping lawyers and law firms, including some of the world's largest, offer better and more affordable service to clients. Website: www.rossintelligence.com Twitter: @rossintel
3880. rewbi : Rewbi uses AI to optimize grid-connected battery storage. We generate revenue by charging when electricity is cheap and discharging when electricity is expensive. We rent battery storage for a fixed fee per month, and we earn 2x that fee in monthly revenue by dispatching the battery optimally. Today, power companies use human traders to manually track grid conditions and update the battery’s dispatch schedule. However batteries can adjust their power output 100x faster than traditional power generation (e.g. hydro, coal, nuclear, gas), with the ability to go from full-speed charging to to full speed discharging in under a minute. Electricity prices change every 5 minutes, often by 300% or more. Our AI better tracks 100s of live inputs, and it makes decisions faster than a human operator (with lower overhead!), improving revenue 2x.
3881. float-health : Float brings a nurse to your home when you’re sick. If you have a chronic illness, instead of making you come to an overcrowded hospital full of sick people, we bring the best of the hospital to you.
3882. shipamax : Shipamax's core technology can 'understand' any logistics document - outputting a business-ready, machine-readable format. Why does this matter? When customers order online - it feels smooth & simple. But in the background it's chaos. When goods are physically moved around the world, there can be up to 20 companies involved in the transaction. Currently, this is a complex, messy process, with different systems and teams creating a mountain of manual work to get the job done. Customers value our technology as we to help make these behind-the-sceens processes simple. We're making one of the largest segments of the global economy – logistics – more scalable and adaptable to today's on-demand world.
3883. revel : Revel offers events and online communities that nourish women at midlife and beyond. We are backed by Forerunner Ventures and Y Combinator and were recently named one of the Most Innovative Companies of 2020 by Fast Company.
3884. poko : Poko enables seamless transfers from local payment rails to web3 infrastructure enabling web3 wallets, marketplaces, games and DApps to acquire more users. With Poko’s SDK, web3 builders can easily enable fiat-to-crypto onramping with 100+ common local payment methods or easily pay for NFTs with local payment methods. Poko's fiat-to-cryptoonramp aggregator reduces onramping costs by up to 70% and increases transaction success rates by up to 5x through a smart routing logic and a single integration to multiple onramps. It's Direct Checkout solution enables one step purchasing from fiat payment rails from any smart contract for 79% higher user conversion. The co-founders’ experience includes being chief strategy officer of a $2.4B coincap protocol, leading technical implementation of Singapore’s central bank’s experiment in cross-border payments on blockchain rails, policy experience as payments task force member at the World Economic Forum, ex-Ethereum Foundation Fellow, and CTO of a 2M+ user play to earn game.
3885. rex-fit : Rex.fit is developing AI tools for nutrition. Our goal is to fully automate nutrition tracking. With Rex Nutribot, users can log their nutritional intake using photos and text directly through WhatsApp at +1 (229) 394-2678. They can also receive meal plans, recipes, workout suggestions, 3D body scans to check body fat percentage and more. We also provide a white-label solution for gym chains, wellness centers, and healthcare providers.
3886. codecrafters : Build your own Git, Docker, Redis, SQLite — in Go, Rust, Python, etc.
3887. thunder-compute : GPUs are in extremely high demand for AI development. A single GPU server can cost up to $300K. Despite this, GPUs in data centers are only utilized an average of 15-20% of the time. Thunder Compute is building technology to increase GPU utilization from 15-20% to 90%+, meaning that each GPU can be shared by 5x as many developers as in data centers today. Our technology achieves this efficiency gain by allowing all of the servers in a data center to share a single pool of network-attached GPUs rather than physically attaching a GPU to each server. Try Thunder Compute at docs.thundercompute.com/quickstart
3888. nullstone : Nullstone is a suite of tools delivered as a single product that enables developer self-service while accommodating flexibility and control that platform engineers need to maintain secure, compliant, performant, and reliable infrastructure. Nullstone provides a simple developer experience that guides developers through the architecture and release of cloud apps. By default, infrastructure launched through Nullstone is compliance-certified and vetted for security best practices. The software delivery process can be customized per app through external CI/CD tools or IaC tools like Terraform to meet the specific needs of customers or to optimize developer workflow. Nullstone comes with many quality-of-life features that are hard to build with an in-house DevOps/Platform team: Auto-Build/Deploy, Preview Environments, GitOps, and Automatic Secrets Management.
3889. sturdy-2 : 
3890. mable : Mable is a personalized migraine clinic using DNA to find and provide the right medication alongside continuous expert care Using our approach, patients have an 80% higher treatment satisfaction rate, have one extra day per week to enjoy their life and get 55% pain reduction.
3891. zumodrive : 
3892. cosine : Cosine understands your codebase better than you do. It supports 50+ coding languages, allowing developers to ask any question about their codebase, get explanations about any feature and get suggestions about how to write new code.
3893. unfurl : Unfurl is a ghost kitchen, but instead of having one type of food we enable families to order many types of food all in one order. Think of it as an upscale food court where you and your kids can order from 8-15 different restaurants all at once.
3894. hypermile : Hypermile is on a mission to improve trucking efficiency, sustainability and safety by developing an AI driver assistance system 🚛 🌎🌱. Today, fuel is the main cost component for logistics operators, accounting for >1/3 of all operating costs. Driving behavior is a key factor affecting overall fuel consumption and can increase fuel use by up to 35%. However, current solutions are not cost effective, so logistics operators are constantly looking for new solutions. In addition, logistics operators are under huge sustainability pressure, as Heavy Goods Vehicles (HGVs) are responsible for 16% of the UK's transport emissions but only 5% of the miles travelled. While electric vehicle sales for passenger vehicles are on the rise, the same can't be said for long-haul HGVs due to high initial cost and limited range, making it impractical for logistic purposes. With this problem in mind, we aim to leverage the latest AI techniques to improve the fuel efficiency of diesel trucks today, and increase the range of zero-emission trucks of the future. Our product Hypermile Co-Pilot is a retrofittable AI cruise control for commercial vehicles focused on controlling the speed of the truck efficiently. We have trained the AI algorithms to learn the best techniques for saving fuel: anticipating how traffic flow will change, optimising speed based on the road gradient and maximizing vehicle coasting. As a result, we can reduce diesel consumption by 11% and extend the range of battery-electric vehicles by 15%. The long term vision is to incrementally build higher levels of autonomy with the next milestone being a Level-3 autonomous trucking solution. The company was founded in May 2020 and raised a $1.5M pre-seed round in May 2021 from Y Combinator, Greg Brockman (CTO of OpenAI), Luc Vincent (former Executive VP of Autonomous Driving at Lyft Level 5) and others. We’ve received a number of R&D grants from Innovate UK, Department for Transport and Horizons 2020. We’re currently a team of 10 across Commercial, Product and Engineering (including 4. sub-teams cloud software, machine learning, automotive software and electronics).
3895. silkchart : SilkChart analyzes sales calls and measures how well playbooks are executed. It proactively surfaces coaching opportunities to managers, and provides reps with actionable feedback to close more deals.
3896. dropbase : Dropbase is a prompt-based app builder that empowers developers to create custom back-office software fast and efficiently. With Dropbase, you can build backend panels, order/billing dashboards, and internal tools that can fetch data and trigger action across any database or service. Key Features: * Rapid development of backend panels, order/billing dashboards, and internal tools * Seamless data fetching and action triggering across any database or service * Intuitive prompt-based interface for streamlined app development Dropbase customers are companies in support and operations-intensive industries such as financial services, telecom, logistics, and retail that want to: * Dramatically reduce software development costs * Enhance operational efficiency * Accelerate the creation of tools to empower business teams
3897. biorender : You can think of BioRender as the ‘Figma/Canva for scientists’, with a suite of web-based graphics communication products to empower scientists to create beautiful scientific visuals and presentations with ease. BioRender is the world’s first tool to help scientists create and share beautiful, professional scientific figures. Our mission is to accelerate the world’s ability to learn, discover and communicate science. We are passionate about democratizing science communication in order to accelerate scientific discovery and understanding.
3898. netclick-inc : NetClick, Inc. is technology developed at the Human-Computer Interaction Laboratory at the Cheriton School of Computer Science, University of Waterloo. We have a unique method for taking static content and making it interactive. Not only is our interaction method simple and effective, but content creators can reuse all of their existing content without any new technical training or overhead. This gives us a significant competitive advantage.
3899. pagedraw : Pagedraw turns UI drawings into code, bringing your app's look to life, and ready to deploy to production Our mission is to make programming more powerful.
3900. juno-college-of-technology : 
3901. epinoma : 
3902. alba-orbital : Alba Orbital is building the world's largest earth observation constellation, imaging everywhere on earth, every 15 minutes. We can see events within minutes such as wildfires in real time and have signed >$85m of LOIs, with both government and commercial customers paying pre-orders for imagery. To date we have launched 41 satellites into orbit (more than any other seed stage company in history), with more launching in 2024 onwards. We have launched a number of technology demonstration imaging satellites called Unicorns, which are the world's most advanced satellite under 1kg ever flown in orbit.
3903. riviera : Riviera builds AI voice agents that let hotels spend less time answering phone calls and more time helping guests. Our system handles front-desk operator calls, in-room dining orders, and reservations. It answers every question instantly and in any language, 24/7. We’re solving a problem that older phone systems and IVR (Interactive Voice Recordings) can't: guests hate not being able to talk to someone immediately, but hotels can’t dedicate additional staff to manage phone lines. Voice AI has always seemed out of reach for hotels because their technology infrastructure is often fragmented, with reservation systems, loyalty programs, and in-house operations software that weren’t designed with voice AI in mind. Riviera addresses this by integrating seamlessly with existing hotel software providers and using human-sounding voice models that are highly trained on data specific to each hotel and department. Hotels spend over $100 billion annually on staffing and lose potential revenue when phone lines are overwhelmed or callers hang up. By enabling hotels to handle unlimited calls, day or night, Riviera unlocks additional revenue and eases labor challenges.
3904. circular : Circular is accelerating the adoption of the circular economy by making subscriptions the best way to access and experience tech: from smartphones, laptops, and headphones to gaming, VR and wearables. Our customers get their hands on the best tech through low-cost, convenient subscriptions. They can pay monthly, keep it as long as they want, and if they love it, buy it. If they return it, we carefully refurbish it and pass it on to the next loving owner - radically extending its useful life.
3905. shuttle-central : API for Travel companies to sell airport transportation. Helping them increase their profits by up to 20% per transaction
3906. micro-meat : 
3907. edgetrace : High-precision video search for mission critical applications
3908. general-trajectory : General Trajectory is building AI for the physical world. We are training vision-language-action (VLA) models across different embodiments to automate tasks such as palletization, sorting, picking, and packing.
3909. general-analysis : General Analysis provides a comprehensive suite of AI safety tools, including red-teaming frameworks, interpretability techniques, and more. As AI systems become increasingly capable, their deployment in high-stakes environments poses significant risks—financial, ethical, and otherwise—where errors can lead to substantial consequences. To address these challenges, we offer access to novel tools and methodologies designed to systematically find model failure-modes and enhance model robustness.
3910. edpuzzle : In Edpuzzle, you can make any video your lesson. We combine simple video-editing tools with powerful analytics so that a teacher can take a video and make it personal, engaging and effective. Together we are building a pool of the best video lessons for the classroom. We are working towards a day where every teacher and student will be just a click away from an excellent online education.
3911. pincites : Pincites makes contract negotiations faster and more consistent for legal teams. Using LLMs, Pincites takes a first pass at reviewing contracts, helping lawyers focus on riskiest parts of their negotiations.
3912. truthsuite : TruthSuite provides a comprehensive platform to supercharge the due-diligence and research processes for lawyers and other professionals for whom the truth matters. Lawyers use TruthSuite to uncover consistent versions of events as well as identify misinformation in testimonials. Prev. Anarchy Labs
3913. customily : Customily is a design tool that makes it easy for e-commerce stores to sell personalized products. Online stores embed our tool in their site to let their customers design custom phone cases, t-shirts, mugs, and more.
3914. focal : Focal is an AI video creation tool that allows anyone to create and share TV episodes and movies. We combine existing video, audio, and language models to make this process simple and straightforward. Check out our most recent demo: https://youtu.be/GFaN96OMlb0
3915. dealls-jobs-and-mentoring : Dealls offers a curated selection of job vacancies for individuals pre-screened and curated by our team. By partnering with us, more than 500 companies have saved time and money by receiving only eligible and top candidates. Job seekers love Dealls because they can apply to multiple top companies with a single click and receive responses 21X faster than with other platforms.
3916. orbital-operations : Orbital Operations is developing a high thrust space vehicle that is refuellable and stays in orbit to ferry customers beyond low earth orbit (LEO). This allows satellite customers to take advantage of the low cost, low lead time, and low effort launches to LEO and have us rendezvous with them in space to transport them to their final destination. Our high thrust and high efficiency is made possible by a unique cryogenic fuel management system being implemented on the vehicle to keep propellants cold so they don't boil. This allows us to use the same propulsion systems that have been developed by launch vehicles over the last few decades (NASA, SpaceX, Blue Origin, Relativity Space, ect.). Ben and Ross met while working together at Relativity Space, where they qualified the cryogenic flight termination valves for the Terran 1 rocket and continued working together on the heat exchangers and turbomachinery for the AeonR engine. We are currently working on the first demo of our unique cryo management system and intend to launch an operational vehicle by 2027.
3917. pierre : Pierre enables engineers, designers and business team members to discuss new features before they're merged.
3918. worklytics : Worklytics identifies leading drivers of employee engagement, without the need for repetitive surveys. It does this by passively analyzing anonymous collaboration data, in tools like Google Workspace and Slack, and detecting patterns that lead to greater employee satisfaction. Worklytics uses these insights to promote positive organizational change by proactively nudging leaders and managers.
3919. camelai : CamelAI is an AI-powered data analyst for business intelligence. Connect any data source—CSVs, CRMs, SQL databases, data warehouses—and ask Camel complex questions or request reports and charts, all without needing code or SQL.
3920. epsilla : Epsilla is an all-in-one platform for building AI agents powered by your private data and knowledge. Easy to use for domain professionals, deeply customizable for AI experts, and fully equipped for enterprise customers with security, scalability, and integration.
3921. ozone : Ozone is the world’s first collaborative video editor in the cloud. We are making the world a more creative place by building the next generation of creative tools.
3922. eze : Eze is a B2B Marketplace that connects telecommunication and global electronic wholesalers allowing them to trade devices in wholesale quantities with real-time market data. Our aim is to formalize the fragmented and inefficient second-hand electronics market that had an estimated beachhead of $17 billion in 2016 which grew 50% from 2015. (Deloitte) Buyers and sellers use our platform to submit buy and sell requests. Eze automatically connects the two parties with compatible bids and executes the trade. The platform gives businesses real-time market prices and eliminates transaction risk by acting as an intermediary with a secure payment system.
3923. oda : Oda is an AI agent for home design. Homebuyers and renters alike can use Oda to discover their interior design preferences, apply those preferences to their new home, and then find the best furniture, décor, and appliances aggregated from many different online retailers. Oda distributes its product to homebuyers and renters through partnerships with real estate companies and platforms. Real estate partners add Oda AI iFrames to their websites to showcase listed homes with AI-generated designs. Each AI iFrame is directly linked to an Oda board, allowing consumers to transition from an iFrame to Oda to further personalize the designs and create their dream home.
3924. conntour : Conntour lets governments and corporates query their security cameras. Users can search past footage (“Find a man with a blue backpack”), set alerts (“Alert me if someone climbs over the wall”), and extract data (“How many vehicles entered yesterday?”). We recently secured our first paying customer - the Singapore government - paying $80K for a 3-month trial. If successful, this trial will lead to a contract worth ~$2M/year. Matan (CEO) led a military video surveillance unit, leveraging security cameras to save lives. Tomer (CTO) is a second-time founder and former director of engineering. The problem with existing solutions is that they offer low customization, as they’re limited to pre-defined parameters (like shirt color or license plate number). This lack of flexibility causes missed critical events, too many false alarms, and countless hours wasted on manual footage review. Conntour solves this by offering unlimited flexibility through natural language queries - just ask anything.
3925. unwind-me : Unwind Me is making massage and wellness more accessible. We make it easier than ever for anyone to book and receive a high-quality massage, when and where they want, at an affordable price - with delightful touches that make each appointment a unique experience.
3926. keeling-labs : Founded in 2022, Keeling Labs was started as a place to develop and apply machine learning to solve the world's biggest problem—climate change. Our current priority is getting the grid to run on 100% clean energy, which is currently limited by battery storage (specifically, the algorithms that control them). We're redefining these algorithms to unlock gigawatts of untapped energy storage capacity, enabling the grid to run on more clean energy from wind and solar.
3927. auro-robotics : We are building self-driving shuttles for transportation within campuses like universities, resorts, airports, and retirement communities. Website: www.auro.ai
3928. weav : Weav is building the digital infrastructure to connect small businesses with financial institutions.
3929. unhaze : Unhaze is a revenue optimization tool for mid-market B2B teams. Unhaze finds the leads that sales teams are most likely to close right now. We do this by analyzing previous deals and continuously monitoring for similar traits among all our collected company data. By focusing on the right leads (at the right time!), we can almost double win rates.
3930. simplify : Simplify is building the AI-enabled infrastructure to power the next generation of hiring – reimagining how people discover and secure their next career opportunity. We believe that everyone deserves an all-star talent agent helping them plan, manage, and accomplish their career goals, no matter their background, location, or education. Through our flagship product, Copilot, we've helped over 1M+ job seekers discover and apply to over 100 million jobs - and we've done this with a tight-knit team of just 7 people. We're rapidly expanding on both the candidate and recruiter fronts, focused on our vision of building a common app and personal AI agent for your career. Backed by top-tier investors including Craft and YCombinator, we're a mission-driven team working to democratize the job search and disrupt the way hiring works today.
3931. pipekit : Our app manages Argo Workflows for data teams, enabling complex data & CI pipelines in half the time while saving companies hundreds of thousands of dollars annually. We maintain Argo Workflows, an open-source pipeline framework for Kubernetes that’s used in production by Bloomberg, Intuit, Adobe, New Relic, NVIDIA, and many other open-source early adopters.
3932. 222 : 222 is a full-stack social experiences platform to generate real-life experiences at curated hyperlocal venues where we can reliably predict you will like both the people & place.
3933. pyroscope : Pyroscope is an open source continuous profiling platform. With just a few lines of code it will help you debug performance issues and find bottlenecks in your code.
3934. brick-health : We're providing the in-person medical infrastructure that bridges the gap in care quality and scope between virtual and in-person care. Diagnostics, nursing services, point-of-care testing, phlebotomy, and more — all available at transparent cash prices. Starting in Miami.
3935. literably : Literably is a literacy assessment system that screens K-8 students for reading difficulties, monitors their progress as readers, and diagnoses skill gaps. Literably's mobile and web apps allow schools to administer assessments online that otherwise are administered manually. As a result, teachers can spend much less time testing and more time teaching.
3936. synth-3 : You add a few decorators to your agent code, and run your agent on a dataset of questions you've generated / collected in the wild. We give you back a dataset of message triplets that's ready to be uploaded to your fine-tuning provider of choice (OpenAI, OpenPipe, Anthropic, Gemini, etc) that will give you a language model ready to steer your agent in production more effectively.
3937. cenote : Cenote uses AI to automate the back office for medical practices — eliminating the bottlenecks that often delay patient care and clinic revenue. Typically, practices hire teams to manually extract patient info from hundreds to thousands of faxes a week. This slow process risks losing patients to faster competitors. Cenote’s software streamlines this workflow. Between the 50 million specialist outpatient visits and 40 million specialty drug prescriptions annually, Cenote accelerates access to a $90 billion market. The team behind Cenote—Kofi, Ajani, and Kristy—met in San Francisco and bring deep expertise in building scalable solutions for highly-regulated industries such as climate and gov tech.
3938. launchpad-toys : We're creating digital toys and tools that empower kids to create, learn & share their ideas through play. Give a young child a couple of toys or a box of crayons and he or she is likely to play for hours, deeply engrossed in an imaginary world. In both art and dramatic play, children construct settings, create fictional characters, and act out fantastic storylines that would be the envy of many Hollywood scriptwriters. Yet, ask that same child to write out a story in a blank notebook or a word processor and you would be lucky to capture a fraction of the depth and splendor of his or her imagination. Play inspires and scaffolds the creative process from an early age, but there is a persistent gap between the origins of imaginative play (ages 4-5) and kids' adoption of the formal discipline of creative writing (ages 8-10). At Launchpad Toys, we're using mobile devices like the iPad to bridge this gap between informal and formal learning, to harness the power of play to help children capture and share their ideas with other kids around the world. Our first product, Toontastic an app for the iPad, is a creative learning tool that blends constructionist and social development theories to empower young children to create, learn, and share their ideas through play.
3939. taobotics : 
3940. noloco : Noloco is the no-code platform for teams to create internal tools on top of their data in PostgreSQL, MySQL, Airtable & Google Sheets. With Noloco, you can build backoffice tools, CRUD apps and admin panels without writing a single line of code.
3941. unbound-security : 
3942. response : At Response, we simplify how ops teams manage indirect spend—everything from office supplies to maintenance materials and packaging. Our platform streamlines procurement, cutting ordering and approval times by up to 92% and helping companies save up to 13% by centralizing purchases with their existing vendors.
3943. pylon-2 : Pylon is the modern alternative to Zendesk, Intercom, Freshdesk, and Salesforce Service Cloud. We help B2B companies track customer support issues across common B2B channels including shared Slack channels (Slack Connect), Microsoft Teams, email, in-app chat, ticket forms, Slack community, and more. Hundreds of fast-growing YC companies of all sizes like Vellum, Hightouch, and Deel are customers. Learn more at usepylon.com
3944. pesto : 
3945. cratejoy : Cratejoy is the only all-in-one subscription box solution to help you launch, grow and scale your company. We provide the leading subscription box platform that allows you to launch and grow your business faster and more efficiently - no coding or plug-ins required. We support over 2,500 companies on our platform and over 1 million subscribers on the Cratejoy Marketplace. Founded in 2014, Cratejoy is headquartered in Austin, TX
3946. wattvision : Wattvision offers a simple idea: Monitor your energy consumption in realtime from the web. We started by selling the complete sensor and software solution, and now we are focusing on developing software that works with our hardware partners.
3947. pulppo : Pulppo is building Shopify for the real estate brokerages in Latin America. We provide them with performance analytics software, automatic online property listings, a valuation tool and a CRM. We will charge 20% of the 166 billions dollars in annual commissions they generate. From our integrated tool we automate non-value added activities, and give visibility and transparency to agents (CRM) and customers (buyer collaboration, seller dashboard). By integrating the entire process, we empower agents to deliver an improved customer journey and more efficient process.
3948. ohm : Ohm is smart enough to keep you from accidentally draining your battery if you forget to turn your lights off. It will automatically turn itself off when it gets critically low, and then switch itself back on when you go to start your car. No more getting strande
3949. decipher-ai : Decipher AI builds AI agents that analyze session replays to understand user behavior, detect bugs and reveal insights—helping teams fix what matters, improve products, and keep their customers happy.
3950. zenedy : Zenedy Zenedy was started as a means to showcase information about obscure topics from around the web.
3951. volansi : Volansi builds and operates high-payload long-range unmanned aerial vehicles to service B2B customers with a point-to-point delivery solution that saves them millions of dollars in down-time costs. We service customers around the world with a focus on defense, commercial, and medical supply deliveries. Our aerial vehicles can transport loads up to 200 lbs up to 1,000 mi. Volansi was founded by Hannan Parvizian and Wesley Zheng in 2015, and is based in San Francisco.
3952. tailor : Tailor is a backend platform that helps enterprises build their custom, enterprise grade ERP applications with less code. **Team** Yo and Misato have previously built a retail-tech company together and sold it for $20M to Rakuten. Yo is a three-time-acquired serial entrepreneur with a McKinsey background. Misato is a previous head of R&D at Mercari. Tailor is the first YC company fully based in Japan. **The Problem** In today's business world, old ERP systems just don't keep up. Their monolithic architecture makes it difficult for developers to tailor to the specific needs, even though that's what the enterprises want for ERP. At the same time, legacy ERPs struggle to work well with the variety of cloud-based tools that modern businesses rely on. Legacy, monolithic systems make it very difficult to customize and hard to integrate. Every time the company wants to change something, it becomes a huge project. Building on these challenges, users of old ERP systems often face: * Hard-to-Use Interfaces: The screens and menus are old school... confusing, slowing down your work. * Wrong Set of Features: Too many unnecessary options for you and not enough of what you actually need. * Lack of Transparency: It's tough to understand what's happening behind the scenes. * High Cost: The expense of maintaining these systems eats into your budget. **The Solution** Why Headless? - With our headless product, the frontend is easy to customize for clients - API-first approach makes it easy to connect with other existing systems or 3rd party services What does it mean to our clients? - Faster development - Reduced maintenance cost - Well-documented backend APIs Tailor’s key capabilities: - GraphQL endpoint for flexible frontend development - Customizable data model templates to describe complex business logic of large enterprises - Customizable workflows depending on the client's specific business process - Directory service that can reflect complex organizational structure (e.g. matrix organization) to the workflow
3953. zenter : Zenter is an web based presentation app that promises to really take advantage of being online. Users will have the regular functionality of PowerPoint, but with the ability to directly add content from the web (Google Images). Each public slide show will also be put into a public library, for other users to remix or just drop into their show. Zenter was acquired by Google in June, 2007.
3954. bronco-ai : Bronco is an applied AI lab helping chipmakers keep Moore’s law going. Our mission is to build AI silicon verification engineers that find bugs, drive functional coverage, and help companies ship working chips on time. We're currently deployed alongside verification teams at leading chip companies building next generation hardware (4 nm process node). We are well-funded and backed by tier-1 investors, including YC, 8VC, Elad Gil, SV Angel, and Contrary Capital. We have also established strong relationships with the leading academic and industry researchers in the field of AI for chip design. Our advisors have won multiple Best Paper Awards at leading conferences, been cited tens of thousands of times, and received some of the highest honors in the microelectronics and EDA industries.
3955. paperspace : Paperspace is a cloud computing company creating simple and scalable accelerated computing applications. Our goal is to allow individuals and professional teams to seamlessly build and deploy computationally complex products and services. Paperspace is backed by leading investors including Y Combinator and Initialized Capital. Mission: Our mission is to make cloud computing more accessible through radical simplicity, community-driven technical resources, and straightforward pricing. -- To learn more about Paperspace, please visit https://www.paperspace.com/ or follow us on Twitter at: @hellopaperspace.
3956. gazehawk : GazeHawk provides low-cost eye tracking technology for use in usability studies and ad evaluation. Our proprietary technology allows us to use ordinary webcams to run studies. This enables in-home eye tracking, as well as fast, affordable large-scale studies.http://www.gazehawk.com/
3957. abel-police : Abel takes police body camera footage and turns it into completed police reports. Currently American patrol officers spend one third of their shift writing reports - turning that to zero would increase the effective police force by 50%, radically changing US cities.
3958. quadrant-eye : Quadrant Eye is on a mission to improve eyecare access and fight preventable blindness. We're building the next generation eye exam... inside the average American home. Our team wants to enable patients' best and most visually rich lives. To this end, we're looking for curious and nimble minds to help us develop the world's first fully online eye exam and ultimately deliver high-quality eyecare at scale. Some QE highlights: 🐝 We're a team of surgeons, scientists, venture partners, and hackers who mean business. 💸 Our backers include Y Combinator, Khosla Ventures, and the creator of Google Image Search. 🍥 We're a mission-driven company tackling an eye health market worth $USD137B. 🌟 Our core focus is currently the development of patentable deep tech, and our overall vision is to change eyecare for good.
3959. lendtable : 1 in 4 Americans do not get their full 401(k) match. That means 25 million workers are leaving $24 billion on the table in free employer contributions. The primary reason these workers cannot get their match is because they do not have enough to both cover living expenses and invest. Lendtable helps workers get thousands in additional income by giving them a cash advance to cover their living expenses so they can finally begin earning their employer match. Once their money has vested we take some of the match money earned in order to cover our expenses. Workers now have thousands of dollars more without putting any money down, and we make money helping them do so -- we win if they win.
3960. paytango : PayTango is simple, modern invoicing. No more dealing with spreadsheets, word processors, or entering data into complex and bulky invoicing software. Now you can quickly create beautiful PDF invoices and send them from anywhere. Sign up at www.paytango.com
3961. happyrobot : Happyrobot's voice AI agents automate inbound and outbound phone calls in the logistics industry. Freight brokers, 3PLs, carriers and other enterprises connect their information systems to our AI agents to handle check calls, load updates, payment status, appointment scheduling or even sales negotiations.
3962. netbeez : NetBeez is the Digital Experience Monitoring platform enabling IT teams to easily support remote users by quickly troubleshooting communication and network performance issues from the user’s perspective.
3963. zip-phone : 
3964. simbie-ai : 
3965. perception-biosystems : Perception Biosystems is democratizing gene therapy through lab automation. Our mission is to accelerate the clinical translation of gene therapy by reinventing its manufacturing and development processes. We're building a robotic lab in the SF Bay Area to translate the large facilities, labor, and regulatory requirements of current gene therapy factories into automated flexible manufacturing systems and code. This enables us to produce gene therapies for use in human clinical trials an order of magnitude faster and cheaper than the current solution – opening up thousands of rare disease targets otherwise thought too rare to pursue.
3966. spot-health : Spot is building the infrastructure to support the future of at-home diagnostics. Our fully white-labeled platform helps brands offer lab-analyzed diagnostic tests using at-home collection kits. Companies simply order tests via our API, and we handle the rest—the collection kits, the logistics, physician authorization, and the lab integrations.
3967. pay-swifter : Swifter offers a suite of payments solutions, including ACH, tailored to the unique needs of the cannabis industry. Standalone dispensary, MSO, or a marketplace, use Swifter's software and APIs to accept payments, send payouts, and supercharge your growth.
3968. lucid-bots : At Lucid, we are a B2B robotics provider for dull, dirty, and dangerous jobs, starting with the cleaning industry, which has a 200% annual turnover rate. Our primary product is a drone that can clean anything from windows to roofs to stadium domes to industrial tanks. Our drones can clean up to 8x faster. Due to customer demand, we also launched a ground-based pressure-washing robot to complement our cleaning drone. We support customers around the country who use our robots every day to clean properties with great safety and efficiency. We engineer, manufacture, and support our technology from a 20,000 sqft headquarters in Charlotte, NC.
3969. hypercontext : Hypercontext helps managers run more effective meetings that tie back to their OKRs and is trusted by over 100k managers in companies like Netflix, Linkedin, and Facebook. Managers use our app to run their 1:1s, team meetings, and OKRs in one workflow that increases the odds of their team hitting their goals by 95%.
3970. motion : Double the world's productivity by automating project management and internal workflows with A.I. We want to bring operational excellence to every organization in the world.
3971. kicksend : Kicksend is a web, mobile and desktop app that provides an easy solution for printing and sending photographs. Kicksend platform is complete with social tools, multiple payment options, one click purchasing and a robust virtual currency system. The company has partnerships with Walmart, Walgreens, Target, CVS and Duane Reade that provide local retail locations for users to pick up their printed photos.
3972. blindpay : BlindPay is a stablecoin API that enables companies to send and receive money worldwide using fiat money, stablecoins and multiple blockchains. We handle all the complex compliance and regulatory requirements, so companies can focus on their core business.
3973. contestmachine : ContestMachine is a web service that makes running promotions from any website easy. The service allows clients to run a contest or giveaway from their blog or website and handles the rest of the details, like collecting submissions and contacting winners. The service also allows clients varied options, like choosing entry requirements, start and end times, and the addition of prizes.
3974. indexical : 
3975. peoplebox : Peoplebox is a one-stop okr, performance management and employee engagement platform that deeply integrates with your current work tools. It aligns OKRs, 1:1s, Performance Reviews and Compensation into a single platform to drive better execution, visibility, and team performance. Peoplebox integrates with all work tools (Slack, MS Teams, Workday, SQL, Jira, Asana, Hubspot, etc) to drive greater adoption of all business and HR processes and build an engaged and high performing culture with 90% less admin.
3976. poka-labs : Poka Labs is developing an AI platform to automate operations tasks in chemical manufacturing, beginning with production scheduling. Traditionally, these tasks are performed manually using spreadsheets. Our software seamlessly integrates with existing data sources such as data historians, emails, and PDFs to automate analytics, scheduling, changes, and communication within a single platform. Malay and Andrew met while pursuing their MBAs at Harvard Business School. Malay previously worked as an engineer in the specialty chemical industry, saving his employers over $100 million across US, China, and German plants. Andrew worked as a software engineer on data infrastructure at Meta and optimization problems at a seed-stage startup. He also completed a Masters degree at Harvard specializing in Machine Learning.
3977. powerx : PowerX AI powered sensors create proprietary data to save corporations 30% or more in energy, water and emissions.
3978. rmfg : We're building autonomous sheet metal factories. Sheet metal is a large ($200b+ in the US) industry heavily reliant on human labor. If you're building something in the real world, it's almost a certainty that you will use sheet metal in some capacity. It's used in automotive manufacturing, aerospace, consumer goods, defense, and many more verticals. The industry mostly operates the same way it has for the last 50+ years. We're making a 10x better experience for people to get sheet metal parts manufactured. We are vertically integrated and build everything from our quoting engine to the physical automation inside of our factory. Factories should own automation as a core in-house skill. Today we sell laser cut and bent sheet metal parts. Users can get instant quotes through our website (and eventually through integrations build on top of our API). We build custom internal software to command and control the operations of the factory. Right now we are actively working on fully automating the production of laser cut parts including scheduling, material movement, laser configuration, etc. Orders will be able to come in, and our software will control the factory and output parts ready to ship.
3979. tendo : Tendo enables anyone in Africa to sell online with zero upfront inventory - our mobile app connects dropshippers to local wholesalers. The sellers on the platform are able to source products through Tendo and resell items using social commerce tools, such as WhatsApp, arrange delivery, and get paid, all through the Tendo mobile app. At the moment, people who want to sell online need to save money, visit hundreds of suppliers to find a trusted one, and risk losing their capital by stocking up inventory. Beyond this, they need to incur costs for logistics and warehousing. We eliminate all that.
3980. sully-ai : Our Mission: "One Human, One Doctor". Why? Because access to a doctor is a basic human right. Customer: Healthcare Organizations Product: All-in-one solution to save doctors time. Problem: Doctors spend 50% of their time on things other than patient care, and the other 50% is inefficient. Solution: All-in-one solution for doctors that saves time from pre, post, and during-visit. Opportunity: Over 1 Billion visits patient care visits occur in the US annually, and the current average cost per visit is $300. When future visits are done by an ASI (Artificial Super Intelligence) doctor at a 10x cheaper cost ($29 per visit), it’s $3.9B in revenue in the US only and $25B+ globally.
3981. zerodown : What used to be an integral part of the American Dream, or at least a check mark on the way to adulthood, is now well beyond reach for many of us. And nobody bears the brunt of the current housing crisis more than young folks, who, compared to their parents and grandparents, find themselves saddled with more debt and in possession of fewer assets. But it doesn't have to be this way. At ZeroDown, we're driven by the radical idea that professionals with steady jobs and healthy finances should be able to afford homes - even in San Francisco. That's why we've come up with an alternative to the rent-or-own dilemma, offering the benefits of homeownership with the flexibility of renting. Here's how it works: 1. ZeroDown buys your home Choose any home on the market. We'll make an all cash offer on your behalf. 2. Build towards ownership A portion of your payment goes toward building ownership in your home. 3.You control when you buy Put the purchase-credits that you've built up towards buying your home from ZeroDown.
3982. snaptalent : Snaptalent powers a distributed job advertisement network primarily meant for developer listings. Job ads submitted to Snaptalent are displayed on the service's participating websites. A unique feature about the network is that it will detect the IP addresses of website visitors and attempt to identify whether they work for a particular company or attend a particular university. It will then serve up targeted ads that have been designated for, say, employees of Google or students of Carnegie Mellon.
3983. syncro : Use Syncro to align your internal comms, operational workflows, and knowledge sharing. Run operational and cultural practices that evolved during the scaling of Stripe, Gitlab, and Zapier.
3984. blok : Fitness professionals have large, loyal followings, but don’t have the tools to build scalable businesses. Blok makes it easy for fitness professionals to teach live classes, sell content, get paid for differentiated services, partner with brands, reward their community, and build a unique brand online."Fitness entrepreneurs" will continue to unbundle from brands and will be armed with Blok's digital tools to monetize their audiences directly.
3985. lifestylerx : LifestyleRx delivers insurance-covered virtual care for Type 2 Diabetes reversal. Our doctors guide patients through lifestyle changes to reverse the underlying process of diabetes.
3986. pulpix : Leveraging Artificial Intelligence to offer personalized video experience for online video platforms.
3987. muddy : Muddy is a chat-like web browser (built on Chromium). Teams use Muddy to work with their teammates and software all in one window. Muddy consists of Spaces: project, event, or competency based feeds in which users can send updates that consist of basic multimedia messages, specific files from applications (Google Doc, Airtable Base, Figma File, +anything web based), and annotations on both. Recipients can then use those apps right in line of the messages to take the requested action or give the solicited feedback (review my design, update the CRM, approve the PR, confirm PTO in Gusto, etc).
3988. roomplays : Criya AI, a Y Combinator and venture backed AI startup is an intelligent content system that reads across all your data sources and in 1-click produces stunning, hyper-personalized client-ready assets, by combining research, branding, authoring and engagement analytics. Our AI Prospector replaces 85% of your account based marketing effort in 60 seconds. From market research to email/linkedin campaigns and landing page pitch decks, personalized for your specific buyer, we do it all in 1-click.
3989. hegel-ai : We build tools for developing applications with generative AI models. Whether you are using LLMs, vector databases, and text-to-image models like Stable Diffusion, our tools help you find the right model, prompt, configuration and consistently monitor their behaviors in production. --- **PromptTools**: the first open-source, developer-focused SDK for experimenting with and evaluating prompts, models, and vector databases. You can try the repo here: https://github.com/hegelai/prompttools. If you're building with LLMs and struggling with evaluation, reach out and we can help.
3990. alfie : At Alfie, we've built a rigorous virtual medical program based on the top research from Cleveland Clinic and Harvard that allows us to precisely determine which weight loss regimen and (as needed) medications will be most effective for our members in a multimodal approach. We're optimizing exercise/nutrition/medications in complex care pathways like no one else has before. Our program has been shown to be 2x more effective than standard prescription medication and 5x more effective than habit change alone. We've raised capital from Goodwater Capital, Nina Capital, Air Force Ventures, and Phoenix Club, and various super angels including the founder of OpenTrons (medical labs automation; have raised $240 mill). Also, we're a Y Combinator graduate.
3991. unfaze-ai : 
3992. sigma-genetics : Sigma Genetics develops devices that can deliver DNA, RNA, and other charged molecules into cells by using magnetic fields. When compared to conventional electroporation, this technique has several key advantages, which include: the absence of arcing, the ability to scale, and the benefit of being non-invasive for in vivo applications. This platform technology can be applied to a wide range of applications- cell therapies, cancer drug delivery, DNA vaccines, biopharma manufacturing, and cosmetics.
3993. fintual : We allow people to invest. We manage USD 1Bi from +150,000 customers. We are regulated in Mexico and Chile.
3994. modernloop : ModernLoop helps every company automate and streamline recruiting operations to deliver the best candidate experience. In 2022, the Department of Labor estimates there is a global talent shortage of 40 million workers, and that number is expected to grow to over 85 million by 2030. In order for companies to win the war for talent, they need to provide a best-in-class candidate experience to recruit top talent, and our product aims at doing just that! Our founders Lydia Han (CEO) and Chris Triolo (CTO) both founded ModernLoop in December of 2020 after they saw the challenges recruiting teams had when it came to coordinating hundreds of interviews across various teams, all while making sure both hiring managers and candidates had the best experience possible. After spending 15+ combined years at companies like Facebook, Slack, Brex and Salesforce, they understood what it took to enable talent teams do their best work, and are building a product to scale alongside them as they grow. We created ModernLoop to serve companies of all sizes in every industry to help Talent teams interview candidates quicker, easier, and enhance productivity of teams as they continue their search for top talent!
3995. glio : The best e-commerce experience in Latin America. We connected buyers to sellers, giving you the lowest prices and the highest quality customer service. Glio is the 1st Y Combinator-backed company from LatAm.
3996. dream3d : Dream3D builds generative models to simulate and emulate worlds, real and imagined.
3997. dev-tools-ai : We help scale automation leveraging LLMs and computer vision
3998. waterfx : At Wacomet Water (formerly WATERFX) we are reimagining water. Our current water system was designed for a global population of three billion people and by the end of this century we will need clean water for over ten billion people. Our mission is to use technology to develop a new source of fresh water and make access to water affordable and abundant for every human being on the planet. We do this using solar-powered desalination to generate water from an infinite source of salt water and distribute this water via a peer-to-peer distribution platform called Liquid. Our mission is to provide a better, more reliable, 100% sustainable water service to consumers, businesses and cities.
3999. goveagle : GovEagle is building an AI RFP automation platform for medium to large government contractors. Using GovEagle, contractors have been able to submit more proposals without compromising quality.
4000. albedo : Albedo is the first space company to commercialize the new orbit regime of VLEO (very low earth orbit). VLEO enables enhanced data quality for numerous earth observation modalities. Our first VLEO satellite, named Clarity and built in-house, is launching in 2025 and will capture visible & thermal images at a resolution that can only be obtained today from drones/planes (commercially) or classified National Security systems. The world is rapidly changing and a new level of visibility and transparency is required to solve some of our largest problems. Albedo’s 10cm visible and 2m thermal imagery will fuel insights for industries such as mapping, insurance, utilities, solar, agriculture, carbon offsets, infrastructure sustainability, national security, and much more.
4001. sourcepulse : Sourcepulse is the internal status page for software delivery, alerting teams before costly delays. We collect anonymous feedback from project members to identify exactly what to fix, just like how Sentry captures system details for production errors.
4002. charge-robotics : Charge Robotics is building robots that automate the most labor-intensive parts of solar construction. Solar has rapidly become the cheapest form of power generation in many regions. Demand has skyrocketed, and now the primary barrier to getting it installed is labor logistics and bandwidth. Our robots remove the labor bottleneck, allowing construction companies to meet the rising demand for solar, and enabling the world to switch to renewables faster.
4003. cloudant : Cloudant's distributed database-as-a-service (DBaaS) allows developers of fast-growing web and mobile apps to focus on building and improving their products, instead of worrying about scaling and managing their databases on their own. We manage and distribute your data globally so you can grow more users, build more app features, and sleep more knowing we're keeping the servers up and humming. Cloudant was founded in Cambridge, Massachusetts in 2008 by three MIT physicists who at the time were moving multi-petabyte data sets around from the Large Hadron Collider. Frustrated by the available tools for managing and analyzing Big Data in their research, the founders built a distributed, fault-tolerant, globally scalable data layer on top of Apache CouchDB. The service has grown since then. The team now manages and serves mobile and web app data on behalf of thousands of developers and hundreds of customers to their users around the world. In 2014, the company was acquired by a global enterprise software & hardware vendor.
4004. ijigg-top440 : iJigg is a social music site that lets users vote on submitted singles using Digg-like voting. The site's home page shows what popular or recent singles the iJigg community is "jigging." Users can rate songs, embed songs on MySpace or find similar music fans. Competitors include Contrastream. Social music competitors include FineTune, Last.fm, Pandora and iLike.
4005. sante : 
4006. stellar-sleep : 25 million Americans with chronic insomnia are getting inadequate and superficial care advice (e.g. cutting coffee, meditation etc.), when in reality, their sleep problems are often driven by deeper psychological challenges like unresolved anxiety. Stellar Sleep uses psychology to help these people break the insomnia cycle.
4007. blyss : Blyss is an AI model provider built on strong security guarantees. We run AI workloads in GPU-based secure enclaves, which keep data encrypted even while it's being processed. Our customers get a privacy model similar to on-premises deployment, without ever having to think about AI infrastructure or GPU supply. The Blyss team has strong experience in cryptography and AI from Stanford, Apple, Nvidia, and more. We think data privacy is fundamental to safe, trustworthy AI, so it's our job to make end-to-end encrypted AI a no-compromise option - just like Signal and WhatsApp did for messaging.
4008. pagelever : PageLever is the leading analytics platform for measuring your brand’s presence on Facebook. 4 of the top 10 Facebook pages rely on PageLever, as well as brands like YouTube, MTV, and Intel. In January 2013, PageLever was acquired by Unified Social.
4009. promoted : Promoted.ai unifies search, native ads, and feed ranking for online marketplaces and scaled e-commerce apps to dramatically improve relevance (and revenue) using AI. We are a team of ex-Google, Meta, and Pinterest ads engineers. Our customers are publicly traded and late-stage marketplace companies like Eventbrite, Upwork, and Outschool. Our mission is to connect every buyer and seller.
4010. buildbuddy : 
4011. yhangry : Yhangry is a private chef marketplace, where you can book a chef whenever you want to socialize at home. For $40pp, you can book a 3-course feast in just a few clicks. On the supply side, we help chefs earn 3 times as much as working in a restaurant.
4012. learnsprout : To help K-12 educators use data to analyze the past, understand the present, and anticipate the future. THE PROBLEM: K-12 districts collect an enormous amount of student data. Educators now recognize that data can inform decisions that improve student outcomes, but few are equipped to make sense of data in a timely manner. Efforts to be “data-driven” require costly software, time-consuming setup, and extensive training. The resulting reports, which are often complex and outdated, fail to provide the information needed for daily decision-making. WHAT IS LEARNSPROUT? LearnSprout is an online data insights service for K-12 educators. It is the only education analytics solution available that uses live data directly from a district’s student information system. LearnSprout combines assessment results, course grades, and attendance to provide actionable insights into student and school performance. Supported by simple setup, and clear, purposeful design, LearnSprout creates an experience that engages and informs.
4013. vessel : Vessel is the developer-first, native integration platform for GTM tools. We make it easy for developers to integrate with your customer’s CRMs, Sales Engagement, Marketing Automation, Chat, Dialers, and more. Integrate in different ways customized for your use cases: - Speed: Use our Unified APIs to roll out many integrations quickly through a common data model and unified interface. - Depth: Use our actions API to build deeper integrations when working with entities custom to each app. - Ease: Use ETL to let us handle pulling and pushing customer data to your DB - Extensible: Support any integrations through our open-source integrations library Breadth and depth, make your integrations limitless.
4014. searchlight : 
4015. slinkset : Slinkset is a white label social news platform that allows anyone to start a social news site and integrate it into their own website.
4016. atob : The trucking and logistics industry provides the backbone of the economy, but the payments infrastructure on which it runs is broken; the existing suite of payment tools is outdated, difficult to use, prone to fraud, and saddled with hidden fee structures. AtoB is building Stripe for Transportation — modernizing the payments infrastructure for trucking and logistics, where capital movement occurs quickly and transparently. Our flagship product is the AtoB Fuel Card, a zero-fee fuel card accepted anywhere built for fleets of all shapes and sizes.
4017. trayd : Trayd is a B2B construction payroll platform and back office management system designed for same-day pay. We allow the 7M construction workers in the US to get access to their earned wages 7-10 days sooner than legacy payroll providers. With a unique spin on traditional payroll, Trayd is on a mission to create back office efficiencies for commercial subcontractors while simultaneously addressing the significant labor shortage affecting the $2.1TR North American construction industry. Trayd is bigger than construction payroll. It's the promise that the hardest working people get access to their money, as and when they need it, creating greater financial wellness across the board. Not only that, we are pioneering digital cash access for a demographic traditionally overlooked while simultaneously modernizing operations in an industry that has been slow to adapt. The challenges and opportunities with Trayd are abundant, promising an engaging journey ahead.
4018. miden : Miden is building a modern infrastructure that facilitates the launch of card programs and various financial products for businesses in Sub-Sahran Africa. Just by reducing integration time, card fraud, improving stability, and being customer focused we quickly rose to top 5 in TPV among card issuing Fintechs in Sub-Saharan Africa within 8 months of launch. We’re going to build the first comprehensive fintech and banking software stack for Africa, based on modern technology. We’re starting with a card issuer-processor.
4019. 64x-bio : 64x Bio is building a platform that radically increases the speed and scale of mammalian cell line discovery. Using a novel high throughput discovery and screening platform and an integrated computational design loop, we are developing new ways of generating highly optimized and otherwise unattainable cell lines for the manufacturing of viral vectors, with a specific focus on those used for cell and gene therapies. Our platform technology enables pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to bring cell and gene therapies to patients more effectively, providing purpose-built genetically engineered cell lines to increase the efficiency of viral vector production and reduce the cost of manufacturing.
4020. odin : Save & organize posts, text & pics from all apps & websites. Showcase your mental dump through the customizable spaces you design.
4021. rivia-ai : Rivia.ai empowers marketing, sales, and demand generation teams to effortlessly generate and distribute interactive product demos within 10 minutes. Potential customers of SaaS brands can now personally engage with these self-guided product stories without direct sales interactions. With our user-friendly platform and intuitive dashboards, teams can effortlessly capture, customize, enhance, and share their demos without sound technical expertise. These interactive demos can seamlessly integrate into applications, websites, email campaigns, or ad campaigns.
4022. sourcedna : Track code in iOS and Android apps with our software similarity web service. Discover code quality, origin, and intent with our in-depth scan. Our patent-pending analysis engine can match up code and find variants, cross-platform. See our public report on SDK marketshare at http://sourcedna.com/stats
4023. cron : Cron (acq. by Notion) is the next-generation calendar app for professionals and teams, making modern work more efficient and joyful. Our mission is to help spend time wisely through well-crafted software that streamlines workflows, integrates other productivity tools, and builds collaboration right into the core experience. In everything we do at Cron, we believe that time is our most precious resource.
4024. gobuild-fka-brick : We're building the trusted payments solution that enables small scale construction companies to grow. We help our customers grow by removing the cashflow strains of slow payments, mainly by: - Increasing volume of jobs by offering standardized, low-cost initial deposit options for - customers, - Improving productivity through consistent access to project-based working capital, - Improving expense management by streamlining their subcontractor payout process, and - Removing client collections risk from the construction company
4025. ecliptor : 
4026. covetly : Covetly is a platform for collectors and hobbyists. Tons of rare, unique, and bizarre items await. Browse, trade, and buy or sell. What do you covet?
4027. stack-ai : With Stack AI, any organization can deploy custom AI agents to automate its back-office operations. Our low-code interface allows teams of all levels of expertise to build internal tools. Hundreds of companies use Stack AI to build knowledge-based AI assistants, fill out RFPs and questionnaires, automate content QA, conduct due diligence research, and extract data from documents.
4028. fixa : Fixa is the Sentry for AI voice agents. Companies like 11x and OfOne use us to run simulated tests, analyze production calls, and fix bugs in their voice agents. We were both voice agent developers at PlayHT – and, in order to find bugs in our agents, we would spend countless hours manually calling them and listening to conversation recordings. So, we’ve decided to build a platform that does this automatically. Fixa shows developers exactly where and how their agents mess up – enabling them to pinpoint root causes and fix them faster.
4029. adra : Adra is a software that helps dental clinics find cavities and other problems in x-rays faster and more accurately so they can book more procedures and increase their revenue. We started our pilot with 20 dentists 2 months ago and have already increased their clinic revenue by 12%. Adra is founded by a dentist and clinic owner, a machine learning expert, and a bioscientist. When every dentist uses Adra, they will bill patients an extra $52B per year. We will capture a quarter of that, making our addressable market $13B. https://www.adra.ai/
4030. quantierra : Quantierra sources real estate investments for developers. It uses their database and algorithms to determine what can be built, its value, and the probability of it selling. Taking a 1.5% cut of any property they help sell, They’ve made $141,000 in revenue in 3 months, and say they have $310,000 in signed term sheets.
4031. stable : 📬 Stable is a virtual address & mailroom for startups, and the only solution on the market that guides you through switching your business address compliantly - 🏢 1 permanent business address for all of your company documents and mail - 👩‍🏫 Guidance on compliantly switching your address with the IRS, state, banks, payroll, etc - 📨 Open, view, forward, and shred your mail securely without physically entering a mailroom - ⚡ Integrations with the tools you love to use (Slack, Dropbox, Drive, etc) - 💻 Modern platform with encrypted file storage, optical character recognition, and more
4032. trella : Trella is a technology platform that connects shippers to carriers. Trella empowers drivers, improves their efficiency, boosts their earnings and utilization as well as provide job opportunities. Trella also works to reduce costs for shippers, introduce a transparent pricing structure, provide them with a more reliable source of carriers while allowing them to track their shipments in real-time as well as report key insights on their transportation trends and performance.
4033. medxt : MedXT is the easiest way to manage medical images online. We make it easy for medical professionals to access and share their medical data safely and securely. We provide specialty tools such as RIS, PACS, and HL7 connectivity. The MedXT platform will power your imaging center, hospital radiology department, or radiology group. Learn more at https://www.medxt.com
4034. r-care : R.care is not just another diet program or calorie-counting app. It's a comprehensive, evidence-based solution designed to address the root causes of binge eating and provide lasting recovery. Say goodbye to waiting lists and hefty price tags, and take control of your relationship with food.
4035. open-listings : Open Listings was the all-in-one homebuying app designed to make buying a home simple and more affordable. We helped buyers purchase billions of dollars worth of homes and saved them over $25 million in commission fees. Acquired by Opendoor in 2018.
4036. stafbook : StafBook help SMEs to simplify HR & expense management. With StafBook, business managers can manage the People administration starting from HR (onboarding, leave & attendance, payroll, until off-boarding) and also expense management (reimbursement, cash advance). Thus, people can save their time on administrative task, and focus on core business
4037. commery : Commery makes it easy for commercial tenants to find their perfect space, whether it is retail, industrial or office space. Instead of browsing a list of available spaces like Zillow, tenants can publicly list their commercial space requirements (sqft, location, use case, etc.) and receive inbound from brokers and landlords who have spaces that are good matches. By listing demand first, tenants can even source off-market spaces that aren't publicly available yet.
4038. familyleaf : FamilyLeaf is a private place to share your life with your family. You create a private page where your family can easily share photos, share life updates, store contact information, and post messages. Our mission is to bring families around the world closer together. Family is the most irreplaceable but overlooked social network; we want to help you share the little things that build a lifetime of love!
4039. bramble : Bramble is a video-first search platform for real estate, powered by AI. It helps agents auto-generate beautiful video listings and helps buyers search them for what they actually care about, like natural light or a big yard. We launched as a flat-rate real estate brokerage. After helping customers close on $10M worth of homes, we learned that lead generation is the biggest problem in real estate. By helping agents market their listings with videos and allowing buyers to find homes visually, we'll build a next-generation Zillow.
4040. rentobo : Rentobo is a new tool built for landlords, managers, and agents of all sizes to simplify the process of finding and signing a new tenant for your rental property. Enter your listing details once at Rentobo and we will help you promote your property across major rental search sites. Rentobo organizes rental applications, credit scores, and social networks into an easy to use tenant profile - everything you need to make a decision. Tenants use Rentobo to sign their lease and submit their deposit electronically. Combined with online applications you can stop pushing paper. For more information, please visit us at: http://www.rentobo.com
4041. lavo-life-sciences : Lavo Life Sciences runs simulations of drug molecules on computers. Pharma companies use these simulations to guide their experiments and ultimately save time and money in the lab. This will de-risk and expedite clinical trials and FDA approval.
4042. vest : Vest, on a mission to bring wider access to financial derivatives, manages investment products worth $40+ billion (as of 9/30/24). Backed by private equity, the firm has a strategic partnership with Cboe Global Markets, Inc. (NASDAQ: CBOE), and First Trust, a global asset manager. Vest created Target Outcome Investments in 2013, which target a defined return profile, with an allowance for a specific level of risk, at a particular point in time. Today, Target Outcome Investments are available as mutual funds, exchange-traded funds (ETFs), unit investment trusts (UITs), collective investment trusts (CITs), and customizable managed accounts / sub-advisory services. The firm was launched and backed by preeminent venture firms such as Y-Combinator (Airbnb, Reddit, Dropbox), Payment Ventures (MicroVentures, CardFlight) and First Round Capital (Uber, Mint, Square). See more at https://www.vestfin.com.
4043. substrate : Substrate's AI agents automate the click-work & data entry in revenue cycle management. Our agents perform repetitive and time-consuming tasks on behalf of medical billers, significantly increasing efficiency and reducing errors.
4044. axiom : We're building the first platform that centralizes all of DeFi trading. Trade any asset on any chain without all the complications in between.
4045. axle-health : Axle Health provides scheduling and workforce management software for home healthcare providers. The Axle platform includes a mobile app for clinicians, an operations dashboard for office teams, proprietary logistics algorithms to optimize scheduling, and a patient engagement and booking solution. Axle is integrated with a wide range of EMRs, and the entire Axle product can be customized and accessed modularly via API. Some of the biggest home health care providers in the country use Axle’s software to improve the utilization of their clinical teams, and automate the operational burden of scheduling and dispatching.
4046. y-combinator : Make something people want.
4047. tasker-ai : Building the best AI agent co-worker by giving agents access to tools & the internet
4048. highlightcam : Founded in 2009, HighlightCam is a YC-alum & 500Startups-funded company bent on taking over the world, one movie at a time. HighlightCam is revolutionizing how users create (and share) movies with a powerful mobile and desktop video-editing platform that takes your favorite videos & pictures & produces professional-quality movies. Now, your most important memories can be automatically transformed into meaningful video snapshots. HighlightCam is based out of Mountain View, CA.
4049. scrapybara : Scrapybara hosts remote desktop instances for computer use agents like CUA and Claude Computer Use. With our unified API, developers can write one line of code to execute agents with any model and access low-level controls like the browser, filesystem, and code sandboxes. We handle autoscaling, auth, and system environments so anyone can deploy fleets of agents to production and automate any free-form computing task at scale.
4050. whaly : Whaly helps data teams save time on maintenance and analysis building while making business users more autonomous on the analysis they want to improve their decision making. We do this by providing a self service data platform where both data and business teams can work together. We understood that most data teams were ending up being a bottleneck for the rest of the company and needed to give more autonomy to business teams to back their decisions with data. Emilien, Florian and Pierre were the minds behind the Data advertising platforms of the major media and e-commerce companies in France in their earlier position as Product Manager and head of Customer Success, giving them an edge on how to execute successfully a data project.
4051. superkalam : Every student deserve personal attention. It's first time in the history of the planet, that if done right, we can infinitely scale personalised learning experience at scale to every student. That's what we are building at SuperKalam. We have deployed our AI learning systems in One Test prep category in India, it's already generating $500K ARR.
4052. userfox : userfox is a SaaS product that helps companies improve user retention through welcome, inactivity and custom trigger based emails. We're building a company. Not a product, and certainly not a feature. We believe that making this clear matters. It sets expectations to ourselves and to our customers. We're based in sunny San Francisco, California.
4053. sprx : SPRX uses AI to prepare corporate R&D tax credits. With our technology, anyone can prepare an R&D Tax Credit accurately and fast. To provide some background, the R&D Credit is often cited as the most complex and audited tax credit in the United States. With that in mind, we set out to create software to achieve two primary objectives: 1. Ensure that any credit computed with our software is exactly what the IRS is asking for in terms of quality. 2. Democratize the ability to perform high quality R&D Credit studies extremely fast.
4054. hey-healthcare : 
4055. fortuna-health : Fortuna is a one-stop solution that helps consumers navigate Medicaid end-to-end from eligibility and enrollment to renewing coverage. Our platform creates value as the middleware layer for the $800B Medicaid ecosystem.
4056. mendel : 
4057. quindar : Quindar is a web app used by satellite owners to analyze, test and operate their constellation. For example, Airbus could use Quindar to operate their satellite fleet with minimal human intervention. We’re six former OneWeb engineers who helped build the software platform that currently operates the second largest satellite constellation in the world. The space industry is shifting from companies launching a handful of satellites over a decade, to launching hundreds of satellites EACH in just a few years. Our SaaS platform automates mission management and for a single engineer to operate hundreds of satellites instead of the traditional model of many engineers operating a single satellite.
4058. spellbrush : Here at Spellbrush, we're passionate about making a good anime game. We also happen to be the world's leading generative AI studio — we're the team behind niji・journey. We are currently investigating how AI can be used to help human artists perform masterpieces in the most complex medium of our times: video games. Our games are characterized by a no-compromise approach to well-balanced gameplay married to a truthful love of visual arts.
4059. memberstack : Memberstack makes it easy to add user accounts and recurring payments to static websites, Webflow, Squarespace, and more! We’ve helped 1000+ companies generate millions in recurring revenue, and we’re just getting started 😁 If we succeed, Memberstack will enable hundreds of thousands of people to create powerful web apps and massive online businesses. Memberstack is backed by some incredible leaders, advisors, and investors who helped build the companies we use every day. Check the link for more info 👇 https://www.memberstack.com/blog/1000-customers-and-fundraise
4060. zensors-inc : 
4061. opentrons : Today, biologists spend too much time pipetting by hand. We think biologists should have robots to do pipetting for them. People doing science should be free of tedious benchwork and repetitive stress injuries. They should be able to spend their time designing experiments and analyzing data. That's why we started Opentrons. We make robots for biologists. Our mission is to provide the scientific community with a common platform to easily share protocols and reproduce each other's results. Our robots automate experiments that would otherwise be done by hand, allowing our community to spend more time pursuing answers to some of the 21st century’s most important questions.
4062. credal-ai : Give any employee the power to build AI Assistants that understand your Enterprise's people, data and tools. Security, access controls and compliance built in.
4063. homestead : Homestead enables homeowners to become their own real estate developer. We're empowering homeowners, allowing them to take advantage of California's new $6T regulatory opportunity: SB9. SB9 allows homeowners to split their lots in half, build a new unit, and sell it on the open market. Use our website to see if a property qualifies for our services.
4064. collectwise : CollectWise automates consumer debt collection with AI. We’re outperforming collection firms by 2X and have successfully serviced over $2 million in debts. Our platform handles the entire late-stage recovery process, allowing creditors to recover debts that couldn’t be resolved through voluntary communications. CollectWise's AI agents automate pre-legal outreach, asset research, litigation, credit reporting, and enforcement actions like garnishments and liens.
4065. windmill : Windmill is an open-source developer platform to quickly build production-grade multi-step internal apps, workflows and integrations from minimal Python and Typescript scripts. Open-source alternative to Airplane and Pipedream. Simplified temporal with automatic app generation. Usable as a self-hosted AWS Lambda. Sync your scripts from your github repo or write them directly on Windmill, have them be converted to apps and no-code modules automatically. Use those apps as standalone or, build powerful flows using either those scripts or scripts made by the community on hub.windmill.dev. The experience is similar to no-code tools except that at any point, any module can have its code inspected and tweaked. Leveraging the open-source community, we will build an exhaustive library of scripts for all apis and generic tasks. You may also wrap Windmill with your own frontend to provide automation as a feature on top of your own SaaS. Focus on your business logic for all kind of flows, Windmill is the platform to build, share and run them.
4066. forage-2 : Forage is a mission-driven payments company that helps businesses accept government benefits through a single, unified API. Today, over 42 million Americans receive government assistance (ex: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) to buy groceries. Starting with enabling EBT SNAP online, Forage builds the financial infrastructure empowering businesses to serve these shoppers online.
4067. signadot : Signadot is a Kubernetes-native platform that accelerates the development of microservices based applications. Using Signadot developers test and preview their code changes early in the development lifecycle and iterate 10x faster.
4068. rastro : Rastro is a personal shopper for home decor. Our AI agents find you products from any retailer on the internet: we aim to build Perplexity for shopping. Built by ex-Shopify AI engineers, we're doing $25k monthly GMV with 15% margins. Decorating your home can cost tens of thousands for an interior designer, or involve hours of scrolling retailer sites. Tell Rastro about your vision, and send our agents to source for you. Receive dozens of products in minutes. Our agents understand your taste, and their picks convert 10 times better than classic e-commerce search. Under the hood, we're building general purpose agents capable of sourcing products matching your taste and constraints from any retailer on the internet. Our algorithms consider images and descriptions, as well as product style, materials, brand and location.
4069. double-coding-copilot : Do you run into these problems with Github Copilot? - Bad completions that break your train of thought when you’re writing comments? - Doesn’t close brackets, or adds too many closing brackets? - Functions, variables, and libraries not being auto-imported after accepting a suggestion? - Multi-cursor mode not working? - Wish copilot could name your variables? - Wish copilot could trigger in the middle of a line? - Want to stop wasting time with GPT3.5 chat and default to GPT4? Double is an high quality alternative to Copilot inside VS Code, engineered for performance. It’s designed with great craftsmanship by people who care a lot about getting the small details right.
4070. women-who-code : Women Who Code (WWCode) is an international nonprofit dedicated to empowering diverse women to excel in technology careers. WWCode is building a world where diverse women and historically excluded people thrive at every level. The organization has executed more than 15,000 free events around the world, garnered a membership exceeding 320,000, and delivers programming to members in 147 countries. Women Who Code Values Focus on the mission, Design for inclusion, Advocate for change, Journey forward WHAT WE DO: -Advance diverse women in their careers every step of the way -Provide a community of 320,000 that has become a movement in technology leadership -Build Global Leaders in Tech, effectively changing the industry -Offer low to no-barrier-to-entry programs, events, scholarships, and more for women to build tech and leadership skills -Job board (ask about a YC discount) Learn more at: www.womenwhocode.com or contact us at contact@womenwhocode.com
4071. collectly : About 50% of all out-of-pocket payments get never collected in U.S. healthcare. Collectly helps medical groups and practices accelerate and increase patient cash flow, decrease costs to collect, and increase patient satisfaction.
4072. lago : Lago is the open-source alternative to Stripe, with a laser focus on transparency, metering, developer experience, and composability: addressing complex pricing grids and business workflows. Their team previously built and scaled the home-grown billing system of Qonto (a $5B Fintech in Europe), from pre-launch to the tens of millions of MRR. Lago is the leading open-source repository and community in this space.
4073. octifi : We empower commerce with instant 0% interest loans for responsible spenders. Consumers can now renovate their dream homes or buy furniture online with an extended budget and pay later at no extra cost.
4074. daedalus : 
4075. singlestore : MemSQL is The No-Limits DatabaseTM, powering modern applications and analytical systems with a cloud-native, massively scalable architecture for maximum ingest and query performance at the highest concurrency. MemSQL envisions a world where every business can make decisions in real-time and every experience is optimized through data. Global enterprises use the MemSQL distributed database to easily ingest, process, analyze, and act on data in order to thrive in today’s insight-driven economy. MemSQL is optimized to run on any public cloud or on-premises with commodity hardware. Visit www.memsql.com or follow us @memsql. Headquartered in San Francisco, CA with offices in Seattle, WA and Portland OR, MemSQL has raised over $100M from top investors including GV, Accel Partners, and Khosla Ventures, among others. MemSQL is trusted by customers including Uber, Akamai, Dell EMC, Samsung, Comcast, Kellogg, and more. If you want to work at a company that celebrates diversity, innovation, leadership, and creativity every day, check out our openings at https://www.memsql.com/careers/.
4076. zoko : Zoko makes it easy for businesses, to do Sales, Marketing and Customer Support on WhatsApp. There are 100 million merchants worldwide, already using WhatsApp for their businesses. The founders started off with an ecommerce business, entirely on WhatsApp, which grew to a customer base of 200K followers who would make purchases after seeing their weekly WhatsApp updates. Other businesses started reaching out to them, offering to pay for their "WhatsApp sales tools". That was the Aha moment! The founders realized that selling these tools to other businesses, was the way to go. In fact, 175 million people message a business on WhatsApp everyday. Even Amazon can't beat that! There is a dire need for tools that allow businesses to use WhatsApp effectively as a channel to sell online. The market size for ecommerce on WhatsApp is estimated be north of $50B/year. WhatsApp is the internet of the #nextbillion and Zoko plans to become the Shopify for merchants, selling on WhatsApp.
4077. outerport : Outerport helps AI read documents the way a researcher would - building up understanding section by section and checking facts along the way, instead of just matching similar phrases. For example, when a team needs to confirm a specific requirement in a 200-page compliance policy document, Outerport pinpoints the right section, provides the reasoning, and presents a fact-based summary. Outerport is built for performance- run thousands of queries against your critical documents, with reasoning behind every retrieval. No more faulty vector RAG.
4078. riogrande : 
4079. navier-ai : Navier AI is making CFD 1000x faster with their ML-based solver. Physics simulations, such as Computational Fluid Dynamics (CFD), are essential across many industries ranging from the design and analysis of aircraft, to weather prediction, to the development of medical devices. Today’s simulation tools use explicit numerical solvers for physical equations, such as the Naiver-Stokes equations. These solvers are complex to setup and can take ages to produce results. Navier AI is building 1000x faster simulations using physics-ML solvers. Navier AI's fast CFD platform will enable engineers to quickly explore design spaces and perform analysis-in-the-loop design optimization. They are lowering the barrier to entry for aerospace and mechanical engineers to create high performance designs.
4080. tank-payments : Tank Payments is building modern financial infrastructure for the trucking industry. We offer payables automation software for logistics businesses that make hundreds of payments to trucking businesses every day. For trucking businesses, we provide a best-in-class banking platform, designed to meet the unique financial needs of the trucking sector.
4081. phiar : At Phiar, we are building the first AI-powered AR navigation driving software solution that runs on a smartphone and in-vehicle displays, utilizing our ultra-lightweight road understanding AI that runs completely at-the-edge, in real-time, all on just a smartphone-level compute. Our mission is to enhance driving safety, facilitate more intuitive wayfinding, and connect drivers with their surrounding environments.
4082. buy-me-a-coffee : Buy Me a Coffee is a fast and beautiful way to fund your creative work. Loved by over a million creators. ☕️
4083. ansa-biotechnologies : Ansa Biotechnologies is developing a new way to make DNA that will be faster, cleaner, and more accurate than existing methods. Currently, DNA is manufactured via a chemical method that has remained mostly unchanged for 35 years. Our enzyme-based approach promises to dramatically accelerate innovation in biological research and biotechnology, including therapeutics, diagnostics and biomanufacturing.
4084. hiration : Our SaaS product solves the different problems that job seekers face in the process of finding a new job - creating an efficient resume, writing a cover letter/email, updating their LinkedIn profile, applying to suitable jobs, interview preparation... It's the 1st time in history that we've been able to create resumes using technology that surpass human made resumes. This is a novel way to add active job seekers to our database of resumes as none of the incumbents are focussing on candidates' problems. 100k+ new active job seekers are added to our database every month, growing rapidly. As the next step, we are launching a recruitment marketplace to close the loop.
4085. diode-computers-inc : Diode automates hardware design, like hiring a senior electronic engineer for your projects. We use generative AI models to create and manufacture custom printed circuit boards in minutes, not weeks.
4086. restocks : Restocks offers its users with instant notifications when the brands they like releases new items, restocks, and go on sale. The company offers its users with commerce and builds engaging shopping experiences on mobile platforms. It is funded by Y Combinator and angel investors. It helps its users stay updated with the brands they like, choose the updates they care about, view recent releases, restocks, and price drops, check stock and buy without leaving the app, and save profiles to check out. Restocks is a U.S.-based company that was founded in 2015.
4087. move-loot : Move Loot offers a much-needed service to individuals buying and selling used furniture. There is currently no option in the market that optimizes your time and money while offering this unique user-friendly experience. We realize that in order to avoid the hassle, you end up buying new... harming your wallet and the planet! Move Loot solves your dilemma by creating an online marketplace where users can post furniture to sell, find furniture to purchase, and select delivery personnel to complete the process. Imagine online shopping meets ride-sharing meets an ice cream sandwich!
4088. mentra : Mentra is building AugmentOS, the open source OS for smart glasses, like Android for smart glasses. Smart glasses hardware is finally ready, and we're building the software ecosystem to unlock the next personal computer.
4089. kitemaker : Kitemaker is a faster and more collaborative alternative to Jira optimized for remote teams. It's helping teams spend less time and effort on collaboration by providing a place for discussing and documenting initiatives, it collects activities and discussions across tools, and it's fast and simple to use. Unlike tools like Jira and Notion, our primary focus is helping software development teams spend less time coordinating across tools and roles so they have more time figuring out and building the things their users want.
4090. mimir : Mimir is venture backed startup in Indianapolis, Ind., focused on creating products to better computer science. We’re hiring rapidly to help satisfy the educational needs of instructors and students all over the world. Our primary product, the Mimir Classroom, is deployed in more than 70 universities allowing computer science instructors to teach their courses more effectively! We don’t need (or want) you to be perfect, but we expect you to work hard, move fast, and constantly iterate until we get it right. If you’re looking to be challenged every day, make a huge impact, and help define a large part of the future of computer science, then this job is for you.
4091. vedabio : Syndromic testing powered by engineered CRISPR enzymes. Get comprehensive results in every doctor visit. More at www.vedabio.com
4092. refine : refine is an open-source, headless React framework for rapidly building enterprise web applications. It eliminates many repetitive tasks like ➡️ CRUD operations ➡️ State management ➡️ Routing ➡️ Authentication ➡️ Access Control ➡️ i18n and saves days of development time. So far, thousands of great projects have been built by 15,000+ monthly active refine developers. Use cases are ranging from admin panels, dashboards, and internal tools to B2B solutions and complex SaaS interfaces. refine is backed by a strong community featuring 16K GitHub stars ⭐️, 180+ contributors and 2,500 Discord members. Thanks to it's unique "Headless UI" approach, refine works with any custom design. It has also ready-made integrations with 4 most popular UI frameworks: Ant Design, Material UI, Chakra UI and Mantine. refine is totally backend agnostic and it can connect to 15+ backend services out-of-the-box, incl. custom REST & GraphQL API's. With refine, developers always have 100% control over their projects as they build, style and deploy the way they like.
4093. chorus-sleep : Chorus is a mobile app and coaching program that helps employees sleep better. We do this by combining sleep coaching, short lessons, and relaxing audio sessions that help employees, and their families, fall asleep faster and get better quality sleep through the night.
4094. zage : Making the exchange of value magical and seamless for everyone.
4095. pebble : Pebble Technology builds smart watches. We're the team behind the Pebble smartwatch from Kickstarter (http://kck.st/HumIV5). Pebble is a customizable watch. Download new watchfaces, watchapps, use sports and fitness apps, get notifications from your phone.
4096. unsaddl : Unsaddl enables employers to offer education benefits (student loan and 529 plan contributions and tuition reimbursement) and leave of absence management
4097. watto-ai : Watto AI uses LLMs to generate McKinsey quality reports in seconds. Customers use us to generate anything from high-quality marketing reports, custom white papers to product documents and more.
4098. omgpop : OMGPOP is a leading developer of social games for facebook, iphone and the open web. With games on multiple social networks as well as its own destination site, the company is recognized as a leader in creating real-time game experiences. Based in New York City, OMGPOP is funded by Spark Capital and Bessemer Venture Partners.
4099. quotabook : Founded in 2019 by ex-VCs, Quotabook is a fintech startup building equity management solutions for startups, employees and investors. With Quotabook, founders can streamline equity data and company ownership by managing cap tables as well as running analyses and simulations. Employees are better motivated through stock option features that are aligned with the growth of the company. Investors can track performance of their portfolios with data automatically synced into the platform. Quotabook takes care of all the fuss so that founders, employees and investors can focus on building a business together. We are proud to be a startup helping fellow startups boost growth. Find out more about how we simplify equity management for startups around the globe from https://www.quotabook.com/en/
4100. faction : Faction Technology, Inc. is a leader in developing right-sized driverless vehicle fleets. As pioneers in supervised autonomous mobility, Faction is dedicated to creating innovative solutions that redefine the future of transportation. With a commitment to sustainability, safety, and technological excellence, Faction is driving the evolution of autonomous mobility for a smarter, more connected world. Learn more at www.faction.us.
4101. mobileboost : *Achieve Mobile App Test Coverage 10x Faster with AI-Powered Automation* Struggling with low E2E test coverage for your mobile app? Short on QA resources? Our GPT Driver uses AI to automate your mobile app testing, freeing up your team and providing reliable, consistent results. Eliminate tedious maintenance, accelerate release cycles, and ship higher-quality apps with GPT Driver. Trusted by mobile industry leaders like Duolingo, Spotify, Netflix, Etsy and Wise. Check out Duolingo's case study about their partnership with GPT Driver and how they reduced manual regression testing by 70%: https://blog.duolingo.com/reduced-regression-testing/
4102. shiru : 
4103. bizzy : Bizzy is an automated marketing platform designed to boost sales for ecommerce shops. Bizzy is the first tool to centralize a business’ entire marketing portfolio around a single, dynamic set of customer data. As this centralized data updates based on customer behavior and marketing interactions, Bizzy adapts and executes a business'​ campaigns.
4104. healthlane : Rebuilding Africa's health system, with focus on prevention this time
4105. nextravel : NexTravel is a platform for companies to manage and streamline travel. We help companies get access to corporate/group negotiated rates for hotels, cars - making booking travel easier and more cost-effective. Email us at travel@nextravel.com or go to https://www.nextravel.com/ to find out more.
4106. wink-health : Wink Health is a simple and effective way to get treatment for sleep apnea online. About 90% of people with sleep apnea go untreated. Our goal is to remove the barriers to getting diagnosed and receiving treatment. We do this through a combination of a smartphone app that 'listens' for sleep apnea risk, telehealth consultations with doctors, and treatments shipped to people's homes.
4107. songkick : Songkick is the great live music startup. Since 2007, we’ve set about making it as easy, fun and fair as possible for you to see your favorite artists live. Right now, more than 15 million music fans across the globe use Songkick to track their favorite artists, discover awesome concerts and never ever miss out. With over 6 million event listings, we’re the biggest concert service on the planet. Across web, iPhone, Android, and through rich partnerships with Spotify, Pandora, Facebook and more, Songkick is the definitive and trusted home for live music online. We’ve always put fans first. We’re a small, fast-moving team packed to the brim with digital expertise, committed to solving real problems for our users. Live music is for everyone, and we work hard to empower our community, add meaningful value and cut out the BS along the way. We do our best work when we’re happy, respectful and relaxed. Our values and work ethic have got us far, and as we grow we’ll never shake that small startup feel. Earlier this year we became part of the Warner Music Group family, opening up epic new realms of opportunities to bring fans and artists closer together. We're hiring: head over to https://www.songkick.com/jobs to see our open roles
4108. tavus : At Tavus, we're building the human layer of AI. Our mission is to make human-AI interaction as natural as face-to-face interaction, enabling the human touch where it has been previously unscalable. We achieve this through pioneering research in multi-modal AI models for human perception and understanding, combined with state-of-the-art human avatar rendering and conversation models that we make accessible to developers worldwide. Our models and APIs power everything from text-to-video AI avatars to real-time conversational video experiences across industries like healthcare, recruiting, sales, education, and more. By enabling AI to see, hear, and communicate with human-like authenticity, we're creating the foundation for developers to create the next generation of AI employees, assistants, and companions.
4109. petra-security : Stealth cybersecurity
4110. cspa : The Computer Science Proficiency Assessment (CSPA™) is a comprehensive standardized exam for software engineers. The CSPA assesses your technical knowledge, skills, and abilities across a broad array of topics. We write the CSPA exam questions, software engineers take the test, and we share the results with employers and schools. MARKETING & SALES: We actively find software engineers to take our test, whether direct or through partnerships. On the other side, we actively partner with employers looking to hire. PRODUCT: We build the exam content manage system, a proctoring framework, and autograding system, as well as a SaaS employer product to browse the candidate database.
4111. dreamforge : We believe that 3D printing will fundamentally reshape our relationship with the products and items we use. At Dreamforge, we'll strive to show our beliefs in big ways and small in the products we build and in the example we set.
4112. mommazoo : MommaZoo is a mobile web app for parents and teachers to build parent communities around their kids' schools. With MommaZoo, you can: * Discover and meet other parents; * Find parents interested in sharing help; * Get recommendations on extracurricular activities; * Communicate and connect with group members; * Sign-up for class volunteering requests; * Access class contact information on your smartphone, computer, or tablet MommaZoo is the only universally available HTML5 cross-platform app for parents and teachers to access contacts and communications on any device, anywhere, and in any language. Parents are constantly on the go and so having ubiquitous access to school information is important for regular communications and in the event of an emergency, it becomes critical.
4113. segment : Segment is one place to collect customer data and send it to your tools for analytics, marketing automation, and raw data access with SQL. Implement all of your event tracking with Segment’s single API instead of wrangling a new API for every new tool or database. Segment's integrations let you send your data to hundreds of tools and databases.
4114. rankai : Marketing agencies are expensive and human-powered. Rankai is building AI agents to replace them. Our first AI agent automates the entire SEO process and makes it 20x more affordable.
4115. psylaris : We empower mental healthcare clients with virtual reality sessions that are additive to traditional therapy. Clients regain their self-reliance the moment they are given the chance to contribute to their treatment. Therapists can focus on the aspects of treatment that e-health is not equiped to deal with. Treatment efficiency goes up - costs go down: E-health the way it was meant to be.
4116. gradewiz : GradeWiz is an AI teaching assistant that helps educators create rubrics, grade student work and give feedback. Like a human TA, professors teach it to grade just like them. Used at 12 Colleges, reducing grading time by 60% on average.
4117. squad : Squad adds screen sharing to video chats so you can use any app with friends
4118. triplit : Triplit is complete full-stack solution to data persistence, state management, and realtime synchronization for web applications that want to go fast
4119. surge : Surge is Stripe for telephony. Our team has experience building telephony software at billion dollar scale. Because of increased regulation, Twilio and other SMS APIs take weeks to onboard new customers, but we can get startups onboarded same day. Surge will win the market by enabling easy carrier registration and keeping customers with our higher level APIs and no code UI components. We have 11 paying customers so far, and our revenue is growing 58% month over month.
4120. noya-software : Noya is a new kind of product design tool for non-designers. This is our second time co-founding a design tools company – our first company was acquired by Airbnb in 2017 and we became the design tools team there. At Airbnb, we built the design infrastructure that the entire company relied on to scale design without increasing headcount costs. We did this by letting non-designers (such as marketing, PMs, and engineering) design screens and websites. Now we're making these tools available to every company.
4121. opearlo : Opearlo builds voice apps for Amazon Alexa and Google Assistant.
4122. papa : Papa is a one-stop-shop for flexible family care, providing companionship and a helping hand wherever it’s needed. With wide-ranging industry, technology, and transformation experience, we share a vision for a world where no one has to go it alone. And a deep well of gratitude for the Papa People who move this vision forward. Founded in 2017 and headquartered in Miami, Papa is backed by Canaan, Tiger Global Management, Comcast Ventures, SoftBank Vision Fund 2, TCG, Initialized Capital, and Seven Seven Six, among other revered institutional and individual investors. Papa is an equal opportunity employer. We proudly support the ParityPledge® for gender and/or racial parity at the highest levels of business.
4123. govdash : GovDash is an AI platform that assists government contractors with capture, proposal development, contract management & more—in one place. Automate BD workflows across the Capture Cloud, Proposal Cloud, and Contract Cloud.
4124. juicy-marbles : We are food-tech company. We developed proprietary protein texturing technology that enables us to produce plant-based whole cuts. Our vision is to produce a variety of meat products and match animal derived counterparts by taste, price and convenience. We want to accelerate transition of meat industry into a more sustainable future - by 2030 we want to cut meat consumption in half.
4125. dili : Dili (YC S23) is building the most reliable AI workforce for diligence on high-stakes deals. Across tax credit diligence, real estate loan & lease abstraction, private equity and private credit, Dili has run diligence for leading firms on 3000+ high-stakes deals to provide instant diligence reports and red flags. today’s AI models are not accurate enough for mission-critical use cases like underwriting $60M+ tax credit transactions, $100M+ loan & lease abstraction, deal screening and drafting investment memos. Dili is built to be the most reliable automated platform that provides confidence scores on every output so you know when something needs your attention. Firms can now tune Dili using their domain-specific knowledge and instructions to fit their custom templates, reports and SOPs. Dili has found and fixed critical red flags and human errors on several multi-million dollar transactions using this fine-tuned expertise.
4126. scratch-data : ScratchDB is a platform that automates all aspects of managing an analytical database: server configuration, data ingestion, queries, replication, and sharding. We are built on top of Clickhouse with a developer experience that you'll love.
4127. studyroom : StudyRoom is the social learning network for students that helps you connect with your classmates. Students can share notes, help each other out with tough homework problems or concepts and find study groups before midterms and finals! Thousands of students are taking classes from UCLA, UCI, UCD, UCSD, CSULA, Oregon State, UCSC, Penn State, SJSU and SFSU, and many others using study rooms for their courses and they describe it as lifesaver. If you have ever been stuck doing homework or studying for a midterm and just needed a little help, now you can get it super fast from your classmates on StudyRoom on your iPhone, iPad or laptop. Connect with us! - Instagram: @StudyRoom - Twitter: @getstudyroom - Pinterest: @StudyRoom - Facebook: facebook.com/getstudyroom
4128. biobot-analytics : Biobot Analytics develops cutting-edge technology to transform sewers into public health observatories. Wastewater contains valuable information about the health of communities. We collect it. We analyze it. We tell you how to leverage it to make your city better. Our first product is to measure opioids and other drug metabolites in sewage to estimate consumption in cities. With this data, those working on harm reduction can assess the scope of the epidemic, allocate resources, and gauge the effectiveness of programming over time.
4129. paperplane : Paperplane helps builders', plumbing, and timber merchants mitigate their credit risk by predicting which customers will default 4+ weeks before anyone else. Instead of relying solely on credit reports and lagging public data, Paperplane uses the company's own transaction data and customer knowledge directly from sales reps to make more accurate predictions in real-time.
4130. sequence-bio : 90% of drug candidates fail, delaying help for those in need. We’re on a mission to change that. Better drug target discovery powered by the Newfoundland founder effect.
4131. ethosx : EthosX is a decentralized finance platform creating end-to-end financial derivatives on blockchains. No centralized exchanges, clearinghouses, depositories, clearing banks, CSD participants etc. required. We are starting with cryptocurrency options first, with the intention to move towards other crypto derivatives and traditional finance derivatives eventually. For example, one can buy a bitcoin hedging token directly from EthosX without involving any exchange or counterparty and earn profits when the bitcoin price is falling (similar to a put option). It is perpetual and is completely on-chain, end-to-end. It is held as a token in wallets and can be sold/transferred to anyone at any time. At institutional level, using EthosX’s options infrastructure two hedge funds can trade high-value on-chain options with each other directly without involving any banks or brokers with zero counterparty risk and zero settlement risk. We are also providing derivatives infrastructure to other crypto companies who want to use these products as a part of a larger package to their customers. Global derivatives ecosystem is broken. Derivatives trading in traditional finance has way too many gatekeepers and intermediaries. Crypto was supposed to be free of these issues and a solution to all of this, but it is itself getting more and more centralized with disastrous consequences. We at EthosX intend to pick the best of both worlds and change the way retail and institutional financial derivatives are traded world over.
4132. vendease : Vendease is a marketplace that lets restaurants in Africa, order directly from farms and food manufacturers. Now, instead of going through expensive - middlemen - vendors, or wasting productive man hours sending staff to open markets with hiked prices, restaurants can now get on our platform, click to order and get all their food supplies within 24hrs.
4133. fuzzbuzz : 
4134. momo-medical : We go to nursing homes, and we put an internet-connected bed sensor underneath all their beds. Our app gives nurses valuable insights and an overview of all their residents. We reduce fall incidents and bedsores while improving evening and night shift productivity by over 30%. Momo Medical solves the biggest problem affecting nursing homes, staff shortages while increasing the quality of care.
4135. be-go : In Mexico and US trucking demand outpaces capacity, yet 40% of the time trucks roll empty. BeGo uses Machine Learning to reduce empty returns, deadheads, and carbon emissions. BeGo is co-founded by two brothers, Jasiel, with 10+ years of experience in the industry, and Ivan, ex-Tesla engineer with experience in product design and machine learning.
4136. medinas-health : We're a cloud-based asset management and remarketing platform for hospitals.
4137. cashbook : CashBook is a cash accounting app for small businesses in India to record income and expenses. We launched 6 months ago and already have 200k monthly active users on our app, and growing 27% month over month. Last month our users recorded $500 million of cash transactions using cash book India is still a cash-driven economy & home to 70M small businesses still recording their transactions on pen and paper.
4138. pushbullet : Pushbullet connects your devices, making it easy and automatic to share almost anything between them. Our mission is to bridge the gap between your phone, tablet, and computer, enabling them to work better together. Why is this important? Simple: in the past few years, smartphones and tablets have taken over people's digital lives. Sharing data between them and with computers, however, can be a real pain. We make it easy and automatic.
4139. upflow : Upflow is building high-quality software to help mid-market B2B companies improve their cash collection and grow profitably. B2B payment remains super painful for both suppliers and customers in 2023. Through a one-click integration with major financial software (Netsuite, Sage Intacct, Quickbooks) it provides finance and business teams with: 1. A better understanding of their cash collection performance through powerful analytics 2. An intuitive platform for all teams (finance, sales, success) to collaborate around cash collection, turning archaic spreadsheet processes into systematic, personalized cash collection processes. 3. A platform to bring modern payment methods to customers and recreate a consumer-like checkout experience with one click payment. Overall, Upflow drastically improve cash collection rates and turn revenues into cash in the bank faster, simpler. The best B2B tech companies, such as Front, Lattice, ProductBoard, rely on Upflow to manage their cash collection. If you're a CFO, Controller, or Finance Ops, check out our free Discover product to run an audit of your cash collection in 5 min: https://insights.upflow.io/en/discover-upflow
4140. klarity : Klarity is Enterprise AI that automates accounting and compliance processes for companies like DoorDash, CrowdStrike and Zoom. Klarity has two core capabilities: (1) understand documents like Orders, Invoices and Contracts to the same degree as a human, and (2) automate the following process - identifying outliers, matching, calculations and validations. Klarity reduces OpEx, delivers real-time turnaround and boosts accuracy.
4141. new-incentives : New Incentives implements cash transfer programs that save lives. We encourage Nigerian mothers to immunize their infants to protect them against deadly diseases.
4142. locale : We partner with top Bay Area restaurants to bring you prepared meals that stay fresh all week. Meals are delivered weekly and ready in minutes. Since starting in 2020, we’ve delivered 100K+ orders and are backed by a16z, Y-Combinator, Goodwater, Decent Capital, and other top investors.
4143. 1000memories : 1000memories is the new shoebox for your old photos. 1000Memories allows people to organize, share, and discover old photos and memories and set up family trees.
4144. delt-ai : delt.ai is building a specialized digital financial service for businesses in Latam, set to tackle the +450B Market of business payments in Mexico. delt.ai is a natively digital alternative to a bank, born with payments gateways and API integrations. Its truly digital KYC-compliant onboarding allowed us to be the first opening first branchless accounts in the country. We target poorly served Startups and SMEs therefore focusing on the ~40B market opportunity that are profitable when served fully online.
4145. bilanc : An AI-Powered Engineering Management Platform. Track engineering velocity, summarise every PR and Release, and draft performance reviews & team briefings.
4146. flutterflow : We're building a visual application development platform to dramatically improve the time to market and quality of digital experiences. FlutterFlow helps companies and product teams improve developer efficiency, accelerate project timelines, and reduce costs for large-scale business applications. Our customers include some of the largest banking, consulting, telecom, and manufacturing companies in the world. We have more than 1.3M users in more than 200 countries and regions around the world. We’re a remote first team headquartered in the San Francisco Bay Area. We have offices in Mountain View, New York City, and Singapore.
4147. tappity : Tappity is building the world’s largest library of interactive lessons for kids—starting with science! Find every science topic kids love in one place taught by the world's most entertaining instructors.
4148. joon-health : Joon is an integrated pediatric digital health platform for kids, starting with behavior disorders like ADHD, autism, anxiety, and depression. In Joon, kids access a game-based digital therapeutic where they level up when they do real-life behaviors that are managed by parents and clinicians. Over the next 10 years, we plan on being the first-line vertically integrated digital treatment for pediatric behavior disorders, leveraging the first of its kind technology to drive behavior change.
4149. outbound : Outbound organizes the messages you send around the actions your customers take. We allow non-technical marketers and product people to set up automated email, push notification, SMS or voice messages when you need your users to take an action, then test how well each message works.
4150. polo : Founded in 2022, Polo is the ecosystem for coffee shops and restaurants in LatAm to run on. We design, build, and sell with our customer experience and reality in mind. This commitment has driven us to truly innovate, saving our customers from outrageous third-party costs and week-long lead times. We offer point of sale, inventory management, and more to our growing community of entrepreneur and experienced restaurateurs. Our tech is as user-friendly as an iPhone, yet powerful enough to power Starbucks. PoloTab is led by a team driven by the vision that things should be different, with the skills to make it happen. We were born from the food & beverage industry and are here to make a difference, not merely be part of the crowd.
4151. h3x-technologies : At H3X, we are making the lightest, high-power electric propulsion systems in the world to enable a large-scale revolution in aircraft electrification. Our first product is a 250-kW (335 HP) integrated motor drive in an 18 kg package. It combines the electric motor, inverter, and gearbox into a single powerful unit and is the culmination of patent pending innovation in multiple areas.
4152. porter : Porter is the easiest way to deploy and scale your applications on AWS, Azure, and GCP. Connect your own cloud account, and Porter will provision and manage the underlying infrastructure for you - simply point at your repository and Porter will handle the rest, from building your application to autoscaling it. Under the hood, Porter manages the same kind of infrastructure that growth-stage companies use and allows you to scale without DevOps overhead.
4153. apollo-io : Founded in 2015, Apollo.io is a lead intelligence and sales engagement platform trusted by nearly 9,000 paying customers, from rapidly growing startups to some of the largest global enterprises. Our community-based approach to crowdsourcing data gives users maximum coverage while ensuring data accuracy. Our advanced algorithms and unique data acquisition methods help over 500,000 sales professionals enrich and analyze prospects' data to increase quality conversations and opportunities. We have notable investors: Y Combinator and Nexus Venture Partners. We recently completed a Series B financing to fuel our next growth phase. We have reached and maintained profitability for the last 18 months. Our growth and customer feedback set us apart from competitors. Apollo had over one million sign-ups for its platform in the past year, and the number of weekly active users increased by over 400%. We are a top-ranking G2 Crowd vendor in the Sales Intelligence, Lead Intelligence, Marketing Account Intelligence, and Sales Engagement categories. Our highest scores are in the B2B data space for accuracy and ROI based on customer reviews.
4154. shoutfit : A “fashion related community”.
4155. leftronic : Leftronic is a Y Combinator-funded company that develops a web-based real-time dashboard application for monitoring a company's most important data. Leftronic business dashboards retrieve a company's metrics from popular services such as Google Analytics, Twitter, Zendesk and others, as well as receive custom metrics through a super-simple API. The dashboards update in real-time and are designed for large screens. This makes it easy for teams to monitor their company's critical metrics.
4156. egress-health : 
4157. vespper : Vespper is an AI agent running 24/7 to troubleshoot your alerts by surfacing the right data at the right time. It helps teams reduce downtime and alert fatigue by making sure no alert falls through the cracks again.
4158. accessowl : AccessOwl automates employee SaaS account provisioning and permissioning for any tool. IT teams from companies like Zeplin and Sary save 30 minutes on every request. Access management used to be an enterprise problem. With work from home, exploding SaaS usage and the need for SOC2 certifications startups have the same problems as enterprises. Mathias and Philip have built several startups and teams before and experienced the same problems around access management over and over again. Philip was the CEO and Co-Founder of blik, an award winning IoT solution that was used by Volkswagen and BMW. Mathias built the leading private payment infrastructure provider in Germany as well as the first digital car insurance as Co-Founder and CTO. Based on these experiences we decided to build a solution we wish we could have used when building our former companies. AccessOwl can be deployed within minutes instead of weeks by simply installing a Slack application. We save companies that use AccessOwl 30 minutes for every access request, on- and offboarding.
4159. siglo : Siglo is a wireless ISP for communities in urban Latin America offering a faster, better, and easy-to-pay service.
4160. honeydew : The way people use data is constantly changing. Data teams must support every new context without breaking the shared truth. Honeydew’s semantic layer does it automatically. We validate each change and update every data flow. Using Honeydew, data teams can support 10x more data users - without more engineers or compromising integrity.
4161. doblet : Doblet is the world’s first network of batteries on demand for charging phones everywhere. The company’s mission is to provide portable power anywhere consumers happen to be. Using patent-pending technology and the Doblet mobile app on iOS or Android devices, users are instantly notified of the nearest place to pick up a charge the moment their batteries start to run low. Consumers can charge their smartphones while on the go at over 1,000 San Francisco Bay Area cafes, bars, and restaurants.
4162. preclusio : 
4163. flutter : Flutter is recreating the magic of seeing someone in real-life for the first time, on your phone. Flutter lets you record short, ephemeral videos to express yourself and capture the attention of potential matches nearby. Users browse through nearby videos and, just like Tinder, like or pass on each one before moving on to the next. Here’s the catch: to actually match with someone, you have to be on the app at the same time and look into each other’s eyes for 15 seconds to see if there’s a spark. We help users play this game by sending push notifications when people they like are online. Video is so powerful. We've seen this with YouTube, Snapchat, Meerkat. And 15 seconds of live, two-way video can tell you so much more about a person than hand-picked photos and bios.
4164. djamo : Djamo is a challenger Bank for consumers in french speaking Africa where less than 25% of the population is banked, we are building seamless and affordable banking solutions to break into this huge untaped market and bring millions of people into financial inclusion.
4165. apprecio : 
4166. hyperbeam : Emebedding third-party apps and websites can often be a nightmare due to incompatible platforms, security issues, and poor UX. Adding multiplayer functionality to these embeds makes this problem exponentially more difficult. Enter Hyperbeam—an API that lets you embed virtual computers anywhere, including web, mobile, VR, and even VSCode. You can then open any third-party website or application, synchronize audio and video flawlessly among multiple participants, and add multi-user control with just a few lines of code. Uses cases and customer segments include remote learning, virtual offices, online casinos, productivity, watch parties and more. We are three technical founders from the University of Waterloo, and worked as engineers at Facebook, Yahoo, and Lyft. Our technology is battle-tested–we currently stream over 1.25M hours of video per month across every continent. https://hyperbeam.com?ch=yc
4167. dreamworld : DreamWorld is “adult Minecraft” with generative AI. Our players grew up on User Generated Content games, but are now 13-40 and have aged out Roblox / Minecraft. DreamWorld provides more powerful building tools, better graphics, and massive social multiplayer.
4168. stypi : Stypi is a San Francisco based tech company focusing on real-time collaboration. Its first product is a collaborative code editor that many companies such as Apple, Pinterest, and Palantir, have incorporated into their remote interview process. Stypi was acquired by Salesforce.com in 2012, where the team still continues to build its real-time technology and platform.
4169. synkrino-biotherapeutics : 
4170. dimorder : DimOrder - Restaurant POS system for Southeast Asia Founded in 2019, DimOrder is a Hong Kong-based technology company transforming the F&B industry. In addition to online payments, we allow restaurants to market to their customers, order food from their suppliers, and receive short term loans. Through one single platform, restaurateurs can easily manage their business and focus on their passion, we let the chef be chef.
4171. vectrix : As organizations around the world continue to rapidly adopt SaaS applications as the way they run their businesses, many are left without a way to manage the security of those same applications. Corporate IT and security teams are left asking questions like: - How will I know if someone shares a sensitive Google Doc publicly? - What if one of our employees doesn't have two-factor authentication enabled in Zoom? - Will I know when a new user is added to Slack? - What happens if our Salesforce minimum password setting isn't strong enough? With Vectrix's easy-to-use SaaS security scanning, organizations everywhere can quickly identify security issues and risks like these across their entire suite of SaaS apps, including Google Workspace, Microsoft 365, Slack, Zoom, GitHub, and more. When new issues arise, IT and security teams can be alerted in real-time so that further action can be taken right away. Founded by former security professionals from Autodesk, Vimeo, and PlanGrid, Vectrix is committed to providing teams of all sizes an efficient and reliable way to stay secure in the public cloud. Get started at https://www.vectrix.io
4172. roomblocker : 
4173. goodfin : We are reimagining private wealth management today for the high net worth individuals of tomorrow. Our customers are founders, investors and professionals all over the world.
4174. ofone : OfOne is building software to automate order taking at fast-food drive-thrus. Using conversational AI, we help restaurant chains operate more efficiently and level-up their customer experience. OfOne can answer questions, intelligently upsell - like suggesting ice cream on a hot day - and always says please and thank you. There are 200,000 drive-thrus in the US and they are the industry's largest order channel. Our mission is to deliver human centric experiences that help restaurant operators prosper, deliver delight for their customers, and empower their workers.
4175. milkrun : Our team of farmers and chefs curate boxes of the finest quality local food for our customers each week. From seasonal produce, to humanely-handled pasture-raised meat, to organic eggs and dairy, there's something for every family. We deliver right to your door, as often as you want. Whether your family needs a delivery once a week or once a month, we're committed to helping you shop local. Delivery includes recipe suggestions, cooking videos, and more from our team of chefs. Whether you're looking for advice on how to roast a whole chicken or what that new-to-you vegetable is, we're here for you every step of the way.
4176. regology : Our AI engine helps your organization understand applicable laws and follow them through a collaborative platform. The unique combination of software and regulatory content simplify the compliance burden.
4177. aqua-voice : Aqua is a voice-driven text editor. It lets you speak naturally, like to a person, and writes down what you meant in the format you want.
4178. freshplum : Freshplum's goal is to bring the decision-making power of data science to companies who sell goods and services electronically.
4179. mark-cuban-cost-plus-drug-company-pbc : 
4180. simmer : Today’s delivery apps are bad experiences. First, you have to choose a delivery platform. Then, you scroll through dozens of restaurant and finally, you decide between hundreds of dishes. And even if you choose the right restaurant, you might get the wrong dishes. On Simmer, we tell you the best reviewed dishes across all delivery apps. You first choose your dish on Simmer, and the delivery companies just take care of logistics. Through this, we are able to charge affiliate revenue for every order. No one has done this before because determining a city’s best dishes requires millions of users to leave dish reviews. Our unique insight is that all the data required already exists online, in blog posts, social media, newspapers. It just needs to be aggregated, analyzed, and indexed. We have built a custom sentiment analyzer to do just that. Our vision is to be the first place people go when ordering delivery. The founders have backgrounds in engineering and data science from UChicago (their alma mater) and they have both worked at food tech companies like Lolli and Pops and Blue Apron.
4181. shipblu : ShipBlu provides Amazon level logistics for eCommerce companies in MENA - one of the fastest growing eCommerce markets in the world. As it stands, the majority of delivery providers are still using pen and paper to manage delivery and fulfillment operations, leading to 5x the rate of failed deliveries and 3x the operating costs as compared to global benchmarks. At ShipBlu, we've built an infrastructure that handles every aspect of delivery and fulfillment operations. We've also added some unique features that tie in various business functions, allowing us to realize significant efficiencies compared to other players. Our platform is managed by ShipBlu AutoPilot - our collection of Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning algorithms that constantly make operational predictions and decisions to reduce costs, meet delivery constraints, and refine our operating assumptions. Designed by ShipBlu's CTO, Abdelrahman is currently completing his PhD at Brown University where he explores the applications of AI and ML in optimization problems. We built a nationwide delivery network in Egypt in about 2.5 months, kicking off operations on Aug 1st, 2021. In under 4 weeks, we have signed on over 40 merchants, and when those merchants fully go live in October, we will be making over $40k in MRR.
4182. scaphold-io : Scaphold is the world's most powerful GraphQL as a service platform. The platform will provide a number of services including push notifications, analytics, file storage, custom code, multiple environments, and more to allow developers to build mobile, web, and IOT applications. Our innovative use of GraphQL is the big game changer here. We’re convinced that it’s the future of APIs and we want to make it readily accessible to everyone else.
4183. classkick : Every day, teachers struggle to answer all of their students’ questions. Even worse, they’re often unaware of who needs help because some students are too shy to raise hands. Classkick is a free app that eliminates those roadblocks, showing teachers exactly what their students are doing and who has pressed “I need help” on a specific part of their assignment. Rather than reinvent how students learn or how teachers teach, Classkick facilitates current classroom learning. In Classkick, every student's’ handwriting, whether it’s a 2nd grader drawing a picture or an 11th grader doing physics, appears live to the teacher in a mosaic of working students. The teacher can zoom into any student’s sheet to help them and ask a probing question to redirect their thinking. By the time the student has read and thought through the feedback, the teacher has already swept off and helped 5 others. We are hyper focused on one goal: increase student learning. To achieve this, we listen to educators to truly understand how technology can assist in the learning process.
4184. tenjin : We're a mobile attribution and analytics provider, focused on helping app developers, marketers, and publishers find and grow their users. We track a bunch of metrics such as ad spend, ad revenue, in-app purchase revenue, subscription revenue, retention, etc. We also have a data warehousing product that lets our customers directly query the data we've collected. Experts at mobile advertising, need help with handling all of this data and making a very technical front-end more user-friendly.
4185. alga-biosciences : Alga Biosciences is a fast-moving startup focused on transforming the agricultural industry. Our mission is to make an immediate, dramatic impact on global methane emissions produced by enteric fermentation in partnership with the cattle industry. We believe in leveraging biology to tackle the world’s biggest problems.
4186. shipper : 
4187. hepatx : Our vision is to provide regenerative medicine treatments that free patients from chronic liver disease and help usher in an era where diseased and damaged tissues can be repaired.
4188. paribus : 
4189. tara-ai : Tara AI helps engineering leaders measure and improve engineering efficiency, with fine-tuned, secure LLMs trained on source control and project data. Our customers include MongoDB, Clearbit and Prometric. Our platform generates all-in-one views on cycle times, benchmarks, investments and overall size and velocity of engineering activity. We're helping customers achieve 30% reduction in time to customer deployment.
4190. givemetap : GiveMeTap is a social enterprise. Our mission is to make clean drinking water available to everyone, everywhere. We create stainless steel water bottles, and each bottle funds 5 years of clean water for someone in Africa. When you get a GiveMeTap bottle, you also have access to the free-water network of cafes and shops who give free tap water to people on the go. No questions, no hassle. We build water projects in remote villages and elect a water committee to run the maintenance of the water. So far we have made an impact in Namibia, Malawi, and Ghana to bring clean water for the first time. We like to think of this as ‘Water for You, Water for Everyone’. We help awesome companies create custom bottles for their staff, customers, and events so that they can stay hydrated, reduce plastic waste and help fund water projects. Our partners include: Deloitte HSBC YCombinator Google TED Flexport Legal & General Richard Branson's The Lodge, Switzerland Cambridge University Want to get your company involved? Visit http://bit.ly/2j2Ef64 Water for you. Water for everyone.
4191. gem : Gem’s talent engagement platform helps recruiting teams use data and automation to improve hiring speed, quality, and diversity. Gem unifies data and context from the tools recruiters use every day, including email, applicant tracking systems, LinkedIn, and other social networks, to create a source of truth for all talent relationships. Armed with insights about the entire recruiting process, automation to reach out to talent at scale, and true cross-functional collaboration tools, TA teams can proactively and strategically plan for what’s ahead. Gem's customers are savvy recruiting teams from industry-leading companies — like Wayfair, Dropbox, Nasdaq, Cisco, and Doordash — who understand that hiring the best talent in the market is key to maintaining their competitive advantage.
4192. todos-comemos : With the mission of improving people's lives in LATAM by enabling pre-made food access to millions of people, TodosComemos is pushing forward the actual barriers of the industry in LATAM by: 1. Developing pre-made and ready-to-eat healthy food above-edge technologies for the region, 2. Enabling established products and brands of prepared food to go from 1 to 1000, offering them a competitive distribution one-stop solution to reach millions of new customers in a multichannel strategy 3. Building the first pre-made food subscription service including both pre-made and ready-to-eat meals for all needs.
4193. defog-ai : Defog lets your business users query data in seconds, using everyday language. We are powered by SQLCoder – our state of the art open-source model that can search and visualise structured data (like SQL databases or Data Warehouses), and can be further fine-tuned and and deployed on-prem on your servers.
4194. momence : 
4195. current-foods : Creating the next generation of seafood with plants and biotechnology. No compromises on taste and health while winning on price and consistency. First products are raw tuna and smoked salmon.
4196. coverage-cat : Coverage Cat (https://www.coveragecat.com) is the best way for people to optimally insure against their risks for homeowners, auto, renters, and general liability insurance. Millions of wealthy but insurance-unfamiliar Americans have purchased policies that leave them vulnerable to million-dollar lawsuits and bankruptcy. Coverage Cat fixes their coverage and offers them cheaper premiums with a focus on the central question of insurance: "how much can you afford to lose?" This risk-first approach allows for policies with higher deductibles that no other insurer will sell you, and enables us to find the multi-million dollar coverage, for truly catastrophic events, that our users need.
4197. lazyeditor : LazyEditor is an AI-driven video editor that instantly handles the entire editing process, from removing silences and filler words to adding b-rolls and enhancing overall quality. We help content creators produce professional, high-quality videos that maximize engagement with minimal effort.
4198. echodio : Echodio is the easiest way to sync your music library across players, keep your valuable collection safe, and stream to your media center.
4199. captivateiq : CaptivateIQ is on a journey to modernize the world of incentive compensation. Our hope is that people will feel more connected at work if there is greater transparency in how they are rewarded for their efforts. We partner with amazing companies like Carta, Intercom, Gong, and Newfront Insurance to simplify their commissions. Since launching in 2017, we have raised $63M and are backed by leading investors including Sequoia Capital, Accel, S28 Capital, Amity Ventures, and Y Combinator.
4200. envyl : Envyl is an affordable and fast international peer to peer delivery.
4201. sesame : 
4202. aiprise : AiPrise allows fintech companies to integrate with multiple identity vendors through a single platform. Companies like Amal Invest use us to integrate with local vendors and comply with regulations in over 100 countries.
4203. electric-air-2 : Electric Air is a tech-enabled contractor for heat pump installations that cuts costs by 60%. Heat pumps are the most efficient way to heat American homes with a $53B annual market opportunity.
4204. proof-trading : 
4205. voyage-biomedical : Acquired by Penumbra (NYSE:PEN).
4206. vive : Vive is the modern beauty concierge for the modern woman. Vive gets you a convenient, top salon appointment in just two taps. Gone are the days of searching, Yelping and calling for an appointment. Vive members can enjoy unlimited blowouts to use at salons in the Vive network. www.vive.co
4207. labelflow : At LabelFlow, we build GitHub for visual data. Our mission is to facilitate and accelerate the development of AI at scale thanks to top-notch labeling tools and a dataset marketplace.
4208. outrival-inc : OutRival empowers customer experience teams to create and deploy Conversational AI Agents that leverage existing resources, cut costs, and grow revenue. Starting with Admissions Teams in Higher Education.
4209. virool : A LITTLE ABOUT VIROOL Virool is a video distribution platform for brand marketers that leverages programmatic technology to reach key influencers, making content more engaging and the ability to share easier than ever. Having served more than 75,000 global campaigns, Virool’s robust ActivView product suite and in-article native unit, deliver fully transparent and insightful analytics that offers viewability guarantees, emotional resonance and fraud protection. Within our platform, users can leverage a proprietary DMP of 450MM unique profiles to build custom, addressable audience segments across all screens. More than 100,000 multi-channel sites have activated video content from Virool via partnerships including Rubicon Project and direct native placements. Founded in 2012, Virool has raised $18.62M in funding from a collection of top VC firms and angel investors, including $6.62M in its seed round. It is the biggest seed investment that anymore Y-Combinator graduate has ever received.
4210. lendedu : LendEDU was Co-Founded by Nate Matherson and Matt Lenhard in 2014. LendEDU is a personal finance comparison website. Our goal is to create transparency in a number of markets including student lending, unsecured lending, auto lending, banking, credit cards, and some misc. insurance products. LendEDU participated in Y Combinator's W16 program in Mountain View California. LendEDU has been featured and mentioned on a variety of websites including The Wall Street Journal, New York Times, Washington Post, CNBC, Bloomberg, USA Today, MSN, Fox News, CBS News, NBC News, Yahoo! Finance, Forbes, Bustle, and roughly 500 other media outlets. LendEDU is a graduate of the Iowa Startup Accelerator. LendEDU received seed funding from Built By Iowa, the Iowa Startup Accelerator Fund, and others. We'd love to tell you about LendEDU! Email support@lendedu.com with any questions, comments, or criticism (really!). Pronounced "Lend E D U"​, our website is located at LendEDU.com!
4211. inari : Inari surfaces customer insights and revenue generating product opportunities from your customer data auto-magically using AI. Instead of sifting through 100’s of user interviews or 1000’s of pieces of customer feedback manually, Inari automates the process of highlighting interesting quotes, identifying trends, uncovering impactful feature requests, and tying helpful prioritization metrics with features so your team can spend less time analyzing and more time building products that customers love.
4212. wayup : WayUp is the #1 way to hire the right students and recent grads. We are the leading digital solution for employers to reach, engage, and recruit students and recent grads for internships and jobs. Find out more information at: http://www.wayup.com
4213. vernox : vernox is a streamlined production planning system for construction projects Project teams use vernox to coordinate all aspects of their work on small to large-scale construction projects. Teams using vernox are able to easily communicate work plans, identify look ahead tasks, track and remove constraints and seamlessly update work plans from week to week based on actual task completion.
4214. magicbell : MagicBell is the notification inbox for web & mobile apps. As consumers of many apps, we have personally experienced the growing volume of notifications - many of which add to our anxiety instead of helping us manage it. MagicBell is on a mission to end this chaos and help every app deliver a stellar notification experience. We do this by offering a beautifully designed notification inbox that apps can embed in their products in minutes. We do all the heavy lifting related to real-time delivery & syncing, web & mobile push notifications, email notifications, and even notification preference management. We sit at an interesting intersection of a dev tool & a productivity tool for end-users. We are helping every app make its users more productive!
4215. bump : Bump was acquired by Google in 2013. The Bump and Flock apps were shut down, but our unreleased Photoroll app went on to become the basis for Google Photos, which we led from inception to more than 1B users. Bump let you exchange contact info and photos by bumping phones together. Bump was one of the all-time top mobile apps, amassing more than 150M installs by 2013. Flock was a semi-automated photo sharing app that figured out which photos you took with which friends and created private shared albums. Bump was co-founded in 2009 and received funding from Y Combinator, Sequoia, and Andreessen-Horowitz. We were based in Mountain View, CA.
4216. testmunk : Test your app on a large pool of Android and iOS versions and devices. No need to constantly buy and upgrade your devices. Testmunk ensures complete device and OS coverage currently available on the market. Devices are non-jailbroken. We support native and hybrid apps.
4217. inai : inai provides a single integration for global payments to help companies take digital payments across the globe. Its a single integration for a merchant that will provide connections to all payment gateways ( Stripe/ Adyen/ Braintree), wallets ( Paypal, Apple Pay, Google Pay) , BNPL providers ( Klarna / affirm / afterpay), fraud ( Sift , riskified etc). Merchants will have a no-code dashboard to customize the checkout by region ( Show Apple pay and stripe in US along with USD pricing but show Klarna, Google Pay and Sofort in Germany with pricing in Eur for e.g) Merchants can also easily switch between providers and your data stays with you on Inai rather than with PSP like stripe making switch to Adyen or Braintree easy.
4218. crowdai : CrowdAI equips enterprises of all sizes with the power of deep learning and the approachability and speed of no-code software. Our easy-to-master platform allows users of all technical abilities, from business operators to data scientists, to power real-time decisions from their visual world. Recognizing data as the new code, CrowdAI is the only vision AI platform to truly provide organizations with the infrastructure for the entire AI-lifecycle, empowering you to label data systematically, train models efficiently, scale models iteratively, and power decisions continuously.
4219. keychain-logistics : Keychain Logistics is a software marketplace that directly connects companies shipping products with independent semi-truck owner-operators. Our platform effectively cuts out the traditional third-party logistics brokerage process by virtue of a software enabled network of virtual carriers (trucks on the go in our network). We understand where trucks in our network are at any given moment, their capacity, and if they would be an ideal match for a company shipping.
4220. geddit : Geddit is classroom feedback that starts with students. We give teachers the real-time feedback they need to address each student’s individual needs, by giving every student an easy way to report their confidence in class. Geddit is simple to use, engaging for students, powerful for teachers, and works on any web-enabled device.
4221. kontigo : We’re building Kontigo, a USDC Smart Neobank for Latinos in the U.S. and Latin America. We launched our Peer-to-Peer onramp 20 days ago and we’ve already had $540k in deposits, 10k active users and a +300k waitlist. The founding team has built and scaled fintechs in Latam, and it’s ex-Venmo, Nubank, Rappi, MercadoLibre, Ualá, Platzi, and Yuno. We’re already backed by DST Global, Soma Capital, Pioneer Fund, Transpose + 10 YC alums. Sending money to Latin America is just as painful as holding it due to the region's fragmentation into 33 countries with 39 different currencies. On one hand, cross-border payments to Latam are absurdly expensive (up to 20% per transaction). Conversely, over the past decade, currency depreciation across the region has become unsustainable. (some countries surpassing the trillion percent ). Kontigo solves this with a USDC global wallet & a BTC savings account. - Like Venmo, but on-USDC. - Like Zelle, but for cross-border payments. No limits. - Like Nubank & Revolut, but without inflationary currencies. Bitcoin-backed. User wallets are connected to an AI-private banker on WhatsApp to execute international USDC transactions.
4222. octopart : Engineering tools should be as streamlined and smart as everything else in your life: as your phone, as your email, as all the apps that help you manage your day-to-day. Your work should be as efficient as possible so you can generate innovative ideas, design elegant technology, and manufacture at scale, all because you can focus on the right things. There should not be any distractions caused by poorly designed websites, unreliable data, or unwieldy spreadsheets of haphazard electronic component information. You should be able to compare components, find important technical information, and easily grasp the spectrum of parts that will be a match for your design. This is what Octopart strives for. Finding electronic component information should not be holding engineers back from bringing ideas to life quickly and efficiently. We believe that pricing, availability, technical specifications, and reference designs should be transparent, fast to find, and easy to understand. That’s why we create powerful, intelligent tools that streamline the engineering workflow and enable fast decision making. Octopart provides accurate and complete data for millions of electronic components in a way that makes it easy to find and compare parts. Focus on the important stuff: building the technology of the future.
4223. encuadrado : Encuadrado automates booking, payments, and invoicing for solo practitioners running appointment-based businesses in LATAM.
4224. turing-labs-inc : Developing a consumer product like Dove is complex, time-consuming, and expensive; companies like Unilever analyzes millions of data points to develop a blockbuster consumer product. Turing makes this process 10x more efficient. Turing's AI harnesses the data from several sources and helps to make a better decision about product development 10x faster.
4225. valari : At Valari, we are on a mission to democratize access to financial services in LatAm, by allowing any company to launch fintech products and services. With our simple APIs, tech companies can easily embed a financial product in their platforms.
4226. vigilant : Vigilant is a lightweight tool for managing structured logs. It lets you centralize your logs, search them, and get alerted when things break. We're focused on nailing the basics so setup and debugging feels as fast and intuitive as an IDE.
4227. query-vary : Query Vary is a no-code tool for building LLM-powered automation. Example use cases include extracting information from a sales call transcript and piping it into a CRM, creating a Slack bot trained on product documentation, or transforming Google forms into fully formatted reports. Input Software --> LLM --> Output Software Our extensive toolset to make each workflow reliable sets Query Vary apart. Book a demo: https://calendar.app.google/6oxEvZA2k4kK6dBa8
4228. mastra : Mastra is the easiest way to build a production AI application, built by the team that brought you Gatsby. We provide a complete set of AI primitives: workflows for complex operations, agents for autonomous decisions, RAG for knowledge integration, and evals for quality & accuracy. Mastra is open-source, modular, and built in Typescript for product developers. You can deploy Mastra on any cloud, and it gives you a straightforward syntax to solve the hardest problems building with AI: human-in-the-loop workflows, agent memory and tool selection, and output quality.
4229. palomma : Palomma is a treasury management software helping companies in LatAm manage their financial operations, including payments, cash flow, and reconciliation, in a seamless and automated way.
4230. plai : Plai is the AI advertising tool built for marketing teams and agencies. Thousands of advertisers are using Plai to create Facebook Ads, Google Ads, and TikTok Ads from a ChatGPT prompt. Plai automatically finds your target audience, generates your creative, and launches your ad campaigns like a pro in seconds, no experience required. Whether you need to acquire new leads for your startup, sales for your e-commerce store, or grow your brand, Plai is your super app for marketing.
4231. safebase : Trust Center Platform SafeBase Trust Center enables Security teams to proactively share and automate access to security, compliance, and privacy information/ complete security questionnaires.
4232. ahazou : Ahazou is a SaaS app that helps offline local businesses to connect online with their customers to promote their brand, to build their reputation and to sell more. We've reached USD100k MRR with 16k+ subscribers. Our vision is to build the next all-in-one platform for 50 million local businesses to grow online in Latam. The company is founded by Rui Miadaira - 10+ years building local businesses, 3x entrepreneur, tech background with a Harvard MBA - and has built a team from iFood, Movile, PicPay. Ahazou is backed by GFC, Monashees, Y Combinator (S21) and more.
4233. vanhawks : Vanhawks is both a hardware and software company with a goal of changing up the urban commute. Technology impacts our lives in countless ways – you’re connected, why shouldn’t your bike be? Our product is the Valour, a connected, carbon fibre, commuter bicycle with built in GPS, blind-spot sensors, integrated front and back lights, and more. The Valour will radically change the way you ride. Built upon safety first in mind, a turn by turn navigation is incorporated in the handle bar to keep your eyes on the road. A LED indicator lets you know when you are approaching your next turn, and you're alerted of any object in your blind spot. To further enhance your cycling experience, the application tracks your riding history including calories burned, distance traveled, and much more, to serve you better. The data it acquires is used to provide you with suggestions on which route will get you to your destination safest and fastest or help you burn the most calories.
4234. meru-com : Meru is a platform that is optimizing the automotive aftermarket supply chain for mechanics in Latin America.
4235. abstra : Scale business processes with orchestrated scripts, integrations and UIs. Skip engineering hours, stay auditable & lock-in free.
4236. dreamcraft-entertainment-inc : DreamCraft enables anyone to create, publish, and monetize video games. The company’s core product is a code-free game creation platform, bundled with high quality art assets. DreamCraft is backed by March Capital, Makers Fund, Tencent Corporation, Y Combinator, and other top investors in the gaming space. The company was founded in 2018 and now has a global team of 20+ people with half remote and half based in Silicon Valley.
4237. lumenary : Lumenary is a code-generation platform and IDE that makes designing rigorous, data-intensive applications feel like whiteboarding. We provide a canvas-based UI that helps users and LLMs work off the same code and infrastructure context, while programmatically generating full-stack apps from high-level specifications. Lumenary was founded by four best friends who met at Dartmouth College, with engineering expertise from Jane Street Capital, IMC Trading, and Palantir Technologies. They've published high impact machine learning research in venues like NeurIPS, in addition to deploying secure enterprise software managing billions of dollars and petabytes of data.
4238. ledger-investing : Ledger Investing provides an exciting opportunity for asset managers, pension funds, hedge funds, family offices and other institutions interested in earning a great return through insurance investing. The company deploys proprietary software and data analytics covering many types of insurance risk portfolios. The technology enables insurers to securitize risk more efficiently while providing investors, asset managers, pension funds, hedge funds, family offices, and other institutions an opportunity to invest in a new and growing asset class. Ledger Investing was founded by Julien Brissonneau, Aymeric Rabot and Samir Shah in 2016.
4239. optimizely : At Optimizely, we're on a mission to help people unlock their digital potential. We do that by reinventing how marketing and product teams work to create and optimize digital experiences across all channels. With Optimizely One, our industry-first operating system for marketers, we offer teams flexibility and choice to build their stack their way with our fully SaaS, fully decoupled, and highly composable solution. We help companies around the world orchestrate their entire content lifecycle, monetize every digital experience and experiment across all customer touchpoints – all through Optimizely One, the leading digital experience platform that powers every phase of the marketing lifecycle through a single, AI-accelerated workflow. Optimizely has nearly 1500 employees across our 21 global offices and has 700+ partners. We are proud to help more than 10,000 businesses, including H&M, PayPal, Zoom, and Toyota, enrich their customer lifetime value, increase revenue and grow their brands. At Optimizely, we live each day with a simple philosophy: large enough to serve, small enough to care. Learn more at optimizely.com.
4240. archilabs : ArchiLabs is building an AI co-pilot for architecture. Instead of spending hours on tedious tasks, architects can 10x their design speed with simple AI prompts. Brian and William met at Carnegie Mellon as engineers and separately had their own frustrating new construction experiences. Brian ran a tech-enabled homebuilding factory and found the design iteration process to be a massive bottleneck, while William built ground up homes in Texas and had a similar frustration. However, at the time, there wasn't an easy solution to the many pain points in the design process. As AI reasoning models improve, Brian and William realized that there was a massive opportunity to fix the long-tail of frustrations and build a new construction design experience by fine tuning existing models, becoming bigger than Autodesk, the $60B company in the space.
4241. future-fields : Future Fields has developed the world's first multicellular advanced biomanufacturing platform for the production of the most challenging recombinant proteins. We help companies in biotech, life sciences, and pharma by manufacturing their proteins.
4242. tenyks : Tenyks (YC'S21) is a University of Cambridge spin-out inventing the intelligence that powers the AI revolution to protect the world from the Terminator. Imagine Snowflake for Vision, helping ML Engineers build better, safer models, in a faster and more efficient way. Specifically, our end-to-end platform is CV Engineers' Ultimate Productivity Tool to: 1. Automate Data Quality Detection: It streamlines the process of identifying and rectifying data quality issues, ensuring the integrity of your datasets. 2. Accelerate Data Curation: Our platform expedites the curation of similar images and objects, facilitating data collection and balancing. 3. Catalog Vast Datasets: With its flexibility, the platform allows you to efficiently index and catalogue extensive datasets. 4. Seamless CI/CD Integration: Tenyks effortlessly integrates with your CI/CD pipelines, reducing the risk of regressions and enhancing your development workflow. 5. Security & Scalability: Securely orchestrated in the cloud to foster seamless cross-team collaboration and scale to millions of images & hundred of millions of objects. The founders developed the technology (the result of 9 top-tier publications and a patented invention) during their PhD research in Safe & Explainable AI for Computer Vision.
4243. plurchase : Plurchase is an online social shopping site. From it, you can visit online shopping sites like Zappos with the additional of a social toolbar on the right hand side of the page. You can chat with other friends online and see what they are looking at on other shopping sites as well.
4244. crowdforce : CrowdForce is an app that allows any local merchant in Africa, starting with Nigeria to become a bank branch within minutes.
4245. lytix : Lytix is Datadog for LLMs. We give developers time, money and certainty when building with AI. Developers are using lytix to build custom evaluations, identify opportunities to save money, and optimize their KPIs. Our approach has helped customers reduce errors by up to 85%.
4246. revercare : ReverCare helps families select products and services that make care easier. We do this by connecting families to social workers who help them find and vet elder care solutions (estate planning software, home care, meal delivery, senior transportation, etc.). We’re able to offer social worker support at no cost. We make money through affiliate fees from products and services.
4247. elyos-energy : Elyos Energy helps companies save cost and reduce carbon emissions by shifting electricity consumption outside of peak demand. We connect to smart thermostats, HVAC systems, batteries and EV chargers to automatically lower consumption during peak times. Electrification is at the core of the UK’s net zero strategy. However, with the increase of renewable energy as a mix of the electricity supply, comes an intermittent and more volatile balance between supply and demand. With the mass adoption of EVs, the increasingly urgent demand for air conditioning and electrification of heat, overall electricity demand is outpacing the transformation of the grid. Elyos Energy is helping to solve the problem of supply and demand with energy flexibility at scale, starting with the 1.6 million commercial buildings in the UK. Our SaaS platform enables large commercial buildings to leverage their distributed energy resources (smart thermostats, HVAC systems, solar, battery) to reduce strain on the grid at hours of peak demand and lower their energy costs. We connect to a range of APIs from smart thermostats, HVAC systems, solar, battery etc. to automate measures of energy consumption reduction and opt-in to national grid demand response events where customers can earn money for energy reduction. By shifting 10% of peak time consumption, we save companies 15% on their electricity bill and reduce their CO2 emissions by 7%. Elyos Energy is leveraging energy flexibility, at mass-market scale to enable electrification of the energy system.
4248. picwing : Picwing is a photo sharing platform that enables users to share their photos through a variety of sources. Picwing offers a convenient printing service where their users can send photos through email using a camera or computer. These photos are printed and mailed to one or more recipients every 2 weeks. Picwing also provides digital photo frames built upon a Linux kernel. Users can send an image from their desktop or phone, and within 20-30 seconds see it on a digital frame. The frames are mini Linux machines that the founders hope will eventually be able to support much more than image sharing.
4249. marqvision : MarqVision’s mission is to protect and build a future shaped by original ideas, innovations, and creativity. As a leading online brand protection solution, we help global brands identify and remove counterfeits and combat piracy from over 1,500 platforms and thousands of rogue websites in over 118 countries. In a time when counterfeiting poses an increasingly serious challenge, we believe that democratizing legal expertise and access to the latest in generative AI technology is critical for continuing to support the inventors, developers, and artists of the world who work tirelessly to deliver safe, high-quality products. MarqVision’s technology powers everything from detection, monitoring, and even enforcement to protect brands at scale. Founded in 2020 by Harvard Law graduates, MarqVision is proudly backed by Altos Ventures, DST Global Partners, Softbank, Atinum Investments and Y Combinator. Our commitment to innovation has also been recognized with a prestigious 2022 Innovation Award from LVMH Louis Vuitton Moët Hennessy (LVMH), and we are honored to be part of the LVMH accelerator program, La Maison des Startups, at the Station F incubator. As we bring forth the next evolution of brand protection, we invite businesses everywhere to join us in safeguarding the creativity that drives our world.
4250. pantore-pay : Pantore Pay is the solution for restaurants cash flow issues and allows restaurants to shop for supplies and pay any other bills using Pantore's credit line.
4251. kitekraft : Kitekraft systems consist of a tethered electric aircraft, a.k.a. a kite. The kite has 8 onboard (flying) wind turbines. It autonomously flies in figure eights and generates electrical energy from the wind. Our systems need 10x less construction materials compared to a conventional wind turbine and our systems cost half as much.
4252. mudrex : Mudrex offers the the widest chose of cryp[to products at the lowest process all packed in a simple App that users love. No wonder we are one of India's larges crypto investing platforms!
4253. opsberry-ai : OpsBerry AI defends against human and non-human identity breaches using AI to continuously discover, prioritize, and remediate vulnerabilities in your identity sprawl. Our AI-powered identity security posture management platform, trained with popular cyber security and compliance frameworks, provides comprehensive visibility and contextualization across your user accounts, service accounts, API keys, OAuth apps, and more, keeping your organization safe from identity-driven attacks.
4254. finnix : Finnix is a financial technology solutions provider for Indonesian creative businesses. We provide loans and financial management tools for event organizers, agencies, concert promoters, and others.
4255. herald : Herald helps product and customer teams work together to grow revenue by painting a full picture of user problems. We start by providing the best experience for capturing customer feedback from the most relevant apps: Intercom, Front, Email, Slack, and more. Then, Herald's robust analytical engine helps you rigorously qualify and quantify customer feedback according to your business goals. Herald molds to the way your team works: it can be used exclusively as an internal tool, in semi-private mode to share a history of their feedback with specific customers, or publicly by publishing a product roadmap and changelog.
4256. gander : Gander builds products for aviation businesses looking to streamline their operations
4257. version-story : Version Story organizes a document's history and generates comparisons in a way that is simple and intuitive. It is built to fit seamlessly into your workflow. Lawyers, publishers, content creators, academic researchers, documentation-writers, and ops teams use Version Story to compare, track, and merge documents with ease. Version Story supports comparisons and merging of multiple Word (.doc, .docx), Google Docs, and PDF files.
4258. fragment : Fragment’s premise is that every company using AI will need humans in the loop, and software for the handoff between AI and humans. We start by helping operations teams in fintech companies with task management for their manual processes (onboarding, compliance…). Building on top of this, we make it easy to increase automation by adding a layer of human supervision.
4259. sliced-investing : Sliced Investing is online platform that provides access to top private investments for financial advisors and accredited investors. Sliced automates all of the previously manual processes associated with making an alternative investment, facilitating electronic signing of subscription documents and streamlined reporting. Sliced's Advisor workstation allows financial advisors a one stop shop for their alternative investments and integrates seamlessly with leading custodians, reporting platforms and file storage systems.
4260. bild-ai : Bild AI reads construction blueprints and extracts material and cost data for builders. Our software automates the $50B/year spent on manual blueprint processing and material cost estimation.
4261. stoke-space : Stoke Space delivers goods to and from orbit using 100% reusable rockets designed to fly daily.
4262. partnered-2 : Partnered is the network where B2B sales teams share customer introductions. Join for free and get started in less than five minutes.
4263. pig : Pig is an API to launch and automate Windows desktops. Pig's SDK tools plug into your agent loops to allow them to navigate UIs and integrate with software that doesn't have an API.
4264. gocardless : At GoCardless we believe that bank payments are the best way to pay and get paid. We help businesses collect both recurring and one-off payments, without the chasing, stress or expensive fees. We’re building a global bank payment network that lets people make and collect payments straight from their bank account, across multiple countries and currencies. 75,000+ businesses around the world trust us to power their payments. We enable them to collect payments from 30+ countries, processing over $30 billion each year. Our suite of add-on products are helping businesses face their payment challenges head on. From automatically recovering failed payments, to challenging charge backs and fighting fraud - all without compromising their customer’s payment experience. Our open banking leadership unlocks the ability to make and accept direct bank payments confidently and securely. And our acquisition of Nordigen means we’re also helping businesses make faster and more informed decisions by accessing and generating insights from their customers’ bank account data. We’re also backed by some of the world’s leading investors including Accel Partners, Bain Capital Ventures, Balderton Capital, GV (formerly Google Ventures), Notion Capital, Passion Capital, Permira and Salesforce Ventures. We're a global team, with offices in London, Paris, Riga, Melbourne and New York.
4265. atrium : Atrium is a new kind of law firm. We serve the startup community in ways our clients want to be served. We are organized like a modern business. We incentivize our team’s creativity and productivity through good management, not the billable hour. We build software to drive efficiency and transparency in our work. We achieve these differences through a technology and operations platform called Atrium LTS, which we co-founded with leading serial entrepreneurs and software developers who share our vision to fix the corporate legal practice. Please find open jobs here: https://www.atrium.co/careers/
4266. kopra-bio : Kopra Bio makes genetically engineered viruses that teach your immune system to kill cancer using tech we developed at UCSF. We’re making the next Keytruda ($25B/yr cancer drug blockbuster) starting with the most aggressive form of brain cancer, glioblastoma. In the most challenging brain cancer model, we improve survival from 0% with the current FDA approved treatment to 90% with our treatment.
4267. matidor-com : Matidor.com is a project management software for projects where you need to see what's happening live on a map. Natural resources companies such as energy operators and consultants manage their environmental activities across thousands of locations. Instead of switching between spreadsheets, they need to visualize their projects on a map and zoom into each one of them for details such as site drawings, tasks, costs and communications. https://matidor.com
4268. cache : Online convenience stores on DoorDash, UberEats. We use automated dark stores to pass items to delivery drivers.
4269. trusty : Trusty is an agent-to-agent matchmaking network that searches every home, regardless of whether it's on the market. This means fresh inventory for buyers, private offers for homeowners, and happy real estate agents.
4270. firstsupport-ai : FirstSupport is an AI-powered assistant for customer support. We give AI superpowers to support agents so they can reply quicker, understand multiple languages, get information quickly from knowledge base, summarize ticket in one click, get weekly customer support report, and many more. Available on Zendesk.
4271. platejoy : PlateJoy uses 50 data points about how you eat and live to determine what you should be eating and provides customized meal plans and shopping lists to help you reach your goals. We provide a digital Diabetes Prevention Program, available for free to over 60M covered lives, paid for by insurers.
4272. mentorcam : Mentorcam is a marketplace for 1:1 business and career advice.
4273. curebase : Curebase is reinventing decentralized clinical trials to help the vast majority of potential patients that currently cannot access clinical research. Curebase’s vision is that any patient, no matter where they are located, should be able to participate in clinical trials at home and with their own doctors. This is made possible through a unique suite of tools, including all-in-one eClinical software and virtual research sites, designed to engage patients in clinical trials across all settings, be it at home, at their local clinic, or other places in their community.
4274. recidiviz : Recidiviz is a non-profit technology company that drives meaningful changes in criminal justice systems and improved outcomes for justice-impacted individuals. Criminal justice data today is inefficient and ineffective: researchers, advocates, policymakers and practitioners each need funding and time for data collection and cleaning (for almost any data at all), and most data collected is too stale by the time it’s compiled to be useful. Recidiviz has built an open-source platform to ingest data from across data silos, link it, standardize it, and expose it in usable formats to the ecosystem. We provide products and analyses on top of this platform to help government agencies understand how their justice systems are functioning, set and track progress towards goals, drive evidence-based improvements to practice and policy, and ensure justice-impacted folks reenter their communities as safely and quickly as they can.
4275. spokn : Spokn makes it easy for People and Comms teams to make videos starring their own employees and leaders - no editing skills or special equipment necessary. In minutes, you can create videos that feel as engaging as TikTok, and share them anywhere: Slack/Teams, your LMS, intranet, careers page, or job offer emails. Companies like Udemy, SiriusXM, Sonos, GoFundMe and more use Spokn to create engaging videos for their learning & development, internal comms, recognition, DEI and employer branding.
4276. striga : Striga is building infrastructure for digital assets and financial services as a single set of APIs doing the heavy lifting of security and regulatory compliance. Striga's customers include early stage FinTech's, Web3 innovators, Banking Institutions and Crypto Exchanges utilizing services spanning the range of Crypto Custody, Trading, Card Issuing and Banking. Building a crypto business today is a highly regulated space unlike a few years ago and maintaining a compliance program and building technology presents a huge barrier to entry for startups and mid-size businesses alike and the Striga platform solves the problem with a single set of APIs and a single contract to deliver services to 30 countries today.
4277. vango : 
4278. winter : Stripe for NFT purchases. Easily buy/sell NFTs with a credit card.
4279. vectordash : 
4280. duplo : 
4281. snab : Snab aims to automate & centralize access and management of global banking for complex business groups with multiple subsidiaries, and digitize their access to financial services.
4282. foodoro : Foodoro is a marketplace where people can buy specialty food directly from artisanal Foodmakers Our goal is to help people discover amazing food products and connect them with the folks who make their food Our company was started in 2008 by a small group of folks obsessed with food and technology People were always telling us about small Foodmakers who make amazing products, but we found it difficult to get our hands on their food. So, we decided to build a better way to help people discover and buy the best food products anywhere
4283. trigger-dev : Create durable background jobs directly in your codebase with no timeouts. Previously, the founders built JSON Hero, an open source JSON viewer that is currently used by more than 35k developers a month. Eric was CTO of Code School, an early code learning platform that was acquired in 2015. Matt created two iPad apps that won Apple’s App of the Year.
4284. careledger : CareLedger helps employers find the best priced quality healthcare for their employees in their area. By providing pricing data on local providers and motivating employees to save, CareLedger helps employers get healthcare spend under control and reduced by more than 10%. They provide insight into who is a high-performing, high-value provider, and then motivate employees to spend less.
4285. contour : 
4286. letter : Letter is a beautifully designed banking and financial platform made exclusively for high net-worth individuals. We make it easy to give customized debit cards to family members and staff, automatically donate to charity, and get access to exclusive investment and lending opportunities through our marketplace.
4287. sendwave : Sendwave's mission is to make sending money as easy and affordable as sending a text. Our app sends transfers securely from North America and Europe to Africa, Asia, and the Americas at great rates.
4288. nano-technologies : Nano is an income streaming app which pays workers daily instead of monthly for retailers and manufacturers in South East Asia. This is essential because these employers compete for workers with the gig economy, which pays daily with a flexible work schedule. Nano integrates seamlessly with any HRM/Attendance Software from employers, helping them save turnover costs and build a more engaged and productive workforce.
4289. shortloop : Task-specific VoiceBots for your outbound and inbound calls with prospects, customers, and workforce.
4290. ready-education : Student engagement and persistence pose a significant challenge in higher education. Ready Education, the preferred choice of over 350 higher ed institutions, offers custom mobile app solutions that enable colleges and universities to personalize the student experience and support engagement. Our mission is to make college a successful journey for every student. The Ready Education platform is designed to support student success by unifying campus resources – LMS, co-curricular, athletics, clubs/orgs, events and many more – within a branded, integrated, college app. By adopting the Ready Education platform, administrators are able to track student engagement, get immediate feedback, and send targeted content to their students. Clear communication between a student and their institution is crucial when it comes to having a positive higher learning experience. Going mobile bridges this communication gap, connecting hundreds of thousands of students with their administrators, their campus, and most importantly, their peers, both on and off campus. For more information, visit www.oohlalamobile.com.
4291. openmeter : OpenMeter's mission is to standardize metering with the goal of becoming the data source for AI and API monetization. We've built an open-source platform that processes billions of events into our usage lake in a matter of seconds, which acts as the backbone that serves revenue and efficiency teams.
4292. flightcar : Launched in early 2013 and based in San Francisco, California, FlightCar inspires and enables local owners and visitors to come together to list and rent each other’s unique vehicles. We make it convenient and enjoyable for anyone to experience traveling in an original way at a great value. By connecting visitors who need cars at the airport with locals looking to park them, FlightCar saves travelers money, creates a more interesting experience, and offers a practical and novel new option for a collaborative community of travelers. The company has raised a total of $40.41 million from prominent investors including GGV Capital, General Catalyst Partners, First Round Capital, Softbank Capital, The Priceline Group, Tencent Holdings, and Brian Chesky, CEO and Co-Founder of Airbnb. Currently operating in 12 airports nationwide: AUS, BOS, DEN, DFW, EWR, IAD, LAX, OAK, SAN, SEA, SJC, SFO
4293. sonia : Sonia is a conversational AI that conducts entire therapy-like sessions both by voice and text via a phone app. 70 million Americans who struggle with their mental health can now access therapy for $200 per year instead of $200 per session. Founded by a team of MIT researchers who published 9 papers on AI at conferences like NeurIPS.
4294. aptdeco : AptDeco is a peer-to-peer managed marketplace dedicated for buying and selling quality used furniture. We offer a complete end-to-end process to bring back the joy of discovering amazing furniture finds for the home again. Our customers benefit from a trusted and verified community of buyers and sellers, pre-arranged pick up and delivery and a secure electronic payment process.
4295. dharma-labs : Dharma is the only Ethereum wallet capable of seamlessly moving money between any US bank account and decentralized exchanges like Uniswap. The net result is a product that looks & feels like Coinbase on steroids — Download an App. Plug in your bank. Invest in the exponentially growing universe of tokens & yield opportunities in DeFi with a tap.
4296. genecis-bio : 
4297. fitia : Fitia is an automated meal planner and nutrition tracker for weight loss or muscle gain. Our users get personalized recipes based on their data and their local country ingredients, supported with an exclusive database of 1M foods & recipes.
4298. replenish : Meet the Replenish Blender, the first self-cleaning appliance that instantly and harmoniously prepares healthy smoothies and snacks. The Replenish Blender mixes health, wellness, and simplicity in under a minute.
4299. pillar-2 : Pillar is the all-in-one business platform for content creators and talent managers.
4300. parade : Through a series of simple questions, Parade’s machine learning-based software helps startup founders articulate the vision for their company, translate it into a design aesthetic, and launch it online in under 10 minutes. Parade makes it easy to create a website, marketing emails, social media posts, and more, all without a graphic designer.
4301. vitau : Subscription model pharmacy for patients with chronic diseases in Latin America. We delivery medicine every month and help with the insurance reimbursement. We're currently operating in Mexico.
4302. nestybox : Nestybox creates software that enables Linux containers to act like virtual machines. This increases the use cases for containers and gives enterprises a less expensive and more flexible alternative to virtual machines in many scenarios. Our first product is a "container runtime", the software that creates the containers. It's called "Sysbox" and integrates with the popular Docker and Kubernetes engines, enabling these tools to deploy containers that act like virtual machines. This technology provides software engineers with an alternative to VMs, one that easier to use, much more efficiency, and easily migrated across clouds. Hacker News Launch: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=24084758
4303. factored-quality : Factored Quality is a digital QC management tool that brings all quality and compliance operations together in a single unified platform. We help 100+ brands like Brooklinen, The Honest Company, Dr. Squatch, and Canopy Humidifiers run QC, Supplier Audits, and Compliance Testing anywhere in the world.
4304. aesthetic : Trained on your unique style, Aesthetic generates high-quality visuals that match your aesthetic in seconds.
4305. nugget : 
4306. clearbrain : ClearBrain (YC W18) is a startup building the first self-serve AI platform for growth marketing. We help companies automatically predict and retarget users when they are most likely to purchase. Fortune 1000 companies use ClearBrain’s automated machine learning platform to personalize experiences for hundreds of millions of user predictions - as effectively as Uber or Google. We’re led by the founding engineers of Google Ads and Optimizely’s data infrastructure teams, and backed by investors in Dropbox, Optimizely, and AdMob. We’re a deeply technical team who value humility and customer empathy above all. As a group we’re also pretty good at bowling, D&D, and Rubik’s cubes. We are building an advanced analytics platform with the challenge of making it accessible to a smart, capable clientele of growth experts that demands ease of use, utility, high availability and good responsiveness. You’ll join a startup environment where you'll be exposed to a variety of backend, frontend, machine learning frameworks in a fast-moving company!
4307. stealth-worker : We have hundreds of fully qualified and experienced contractors in Information Security, Cloud Security, Privacy and Compliance available at competitive hourly rates.
4308. honeylove : Honeylove is a DTC startup founded by EDM artist Betsie Larkin. After searching high and low for quality shapewear that made her feel confident on stage, Betsie decided to create her own line of stage-worthy shapewear and launched publicly in 2018. Since then, Honeylove has expanded to tops, bras, and many other garments that have set new standards in their verticals. We apply a technical and artistic approach to problems we see in the fashion industry, creating products that serve our customers of all shapes, sizes, and backgrounds.
4309. powerhouse-ai : Powerhouse AI offers automation at a fraction of the cost of regular automation solutions. Enabling warehouses to become more competitive, fast. - How? By making warehousing as easy as taking pictures with a mobile device; digitizing processes and using the power of the camera to automate counting and checking tasks. Four core functionality areas: - Workflow Digitization: simplify and automate warehousing with AI powered workflows. - AI Counting: automate the tedious and error-prone counting of inventory. - AI Label Processing: scan everything [not just barcodes]. Fast. - AI Document Processing: reading logistics documents with the click of a button. Core benefits: de-risking and future-proofing your warehouse operations - Increasing efficiency and accuracy with 20% to 40% - State-of-the-art technology - Making “dumb” boxes smart - Easily deal with supplier data inconsistencies - Enabling a data driven way of working - Real-time access to data
4310. disclosures-io : Every year $1.2 trillion in residential home sales are exchanged, however buying and selling a house is still a huge, painful process. Maybe that’s because Real Estate is the least digital industry, behind only agriculture 🐮 . Disclosures.io is on a mission to make the real estate process more transparent and efficient for everyone involved. Our product helps sellers get their home to market faster and enables buyers to make more informed offers. We believe in lean, pragmatic product development, entrepreneurship and building a business that we are proud to be a part of. We love talking to like-minded makers, drop us a line!
4311. lotuspay : LotusPay was acquired by Juspay in Jan 2024. LotusPay is the recurring payments solution for businesses in India. We enable our clients to quickly and easily collect payments directly from their user's bank accounts via paperless NACH Debit. LotusPay is perfect for collecting loan repayments, membership fees, subscription and billing, recurring donations, tuition fees - any kind of regular or irregular payment, be it a fixed amount or variable amount. LotusPay is backed by Y Combinator.
4312. coco-controller : We're building a tactile gaming controller for mobile phones.
4313. serra : Serra is an AI-driven search engine for recruiters to find best-fit candidates. Connected to your ATS and external candidate sources, recruiters can search “B2B sales reps that have managed key enterprise accounts” and see top matches.
4314. digitalcarbon : Digitalcarbon transforms ordinary images and videos into interactive, photorealistic 3D environments. Our technology can take photos from any device and render 3D scenes at more than 100 frames per second on everyday devices. The founders were the first and second hires at a previous YC company AssemblyAI, and have more than 8 years of experience building AI models. Creating immersive 3D experiences typically requires complex equipment and suffers from slow rendering speeds. This has limited the adoption of 3D technology across various industries. Digitalcarbon fixes that, eliminating the need for specialized equipment and dramatically accelerating the rendering process. Our technology enables applications across various industries: * Real estate: Creating virtual property tours that feel remarkably lifelike * E-commerce: Providing interactive 3D product visualizations to boost consumer experience * Tourism: Helping tourist businesses attract more travelers with immersive virtual previews * Drone mapping and inspection: Enhancing aerial surveys and structural assessments with detailed 3D models Think Unreal Engine meets Matterport with no hardware, but faster, editable, and more accessible for businesses of all sizes.
4315. copper-health : All-in-one RTM platform designed for physical therapy and powered by AI
4316. helion-energy : Helion is creating the world’s first fusion power plant, enabling a future with unlimited zero-carbon electricity.
4317. teespring : About Teespring Millions of people use Teespring to turn their unique ideas into high-quality products. When you shop on Teespring, you’re supporting one of the independent creators in our community, as well as the causes they care about. Every product you’ll find here is made-to-order with satisfaction and quality guaranteed. That means that you get a custom product that was made for you. Headquartered in San Francisco, Teespring is venture-backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Khosla Ventures, and Y Combinator. For more information visit www.Teespring.com.
4318. mindori : Mindori is the accurate way to search your app by voice for e-commerce companies. Build magical conversational search for your app in minutes, with no learning curve. "What about shirts that I can wear at a wedding?". Search over concepts that you may not have thought to index in your database. "Find a green shirt" - "What about in red?". Make the experience magical for users through context. Was it "Koffee Kult" or "coffee cult"? Customize speech recognition models for your product catalog and customer queries. Get started in minutes. Improving the model requires only minutes per day, not hours. Track user preferences and deliver customized suggestions based on their buying behavior and patterns. Export your generated models to popular assistant or chatbot frameworks automatically.
4319. enable-us : Enable.us is an all-in-one workspace for the B2B Sales, Marketing, and Customer facing teams to provide a personalized and interactive buying and onboarding experience to their prospective customers. Customer facing teams have everything they need in one single location to: - Capture Video/Audio Product demos, customer references, sales decks, white-papers, contracts, onboarding material, and other content - Automatically organize & contextualize (by industry, persona, deal stage, deal size) - Build personalized deal rooms with AI-targeted content, simplified workflows, and 1:1 communication with the prospect and other stakeholders/influencers. Learn more about our launch here https://www.producthunt.com/posts/referenceable or sign up here https://www.enable.us/
4320. playground : Playground combines AI research and product design to invent new kinds of creative tools.
4321. koko-2 : We provide free digital mental health technologies for millions of people struggling online — particularly young people. For example, we partner with online communities to help find and treat at-risk individuals directly on their platform using our online interventions.
4322. oncobox : Oncobox believes that many late-stage cancer patients are dying prematurely because doctors lack a data-driven tool to help them decide which drugs currently on the market would most effectively fight individual patients’ specific cancers. That’s where Oncobox comes in. Oncobox is low-cost personalized genetic profiling to help doctors decide which drug to use. In a recent study conducted by leading cancer researchers in Europe and Asia on 900 patients with various late-stage cancers, Oncobox increased the effectiveness of targeted therapies from 25% to 64%. How does Oncobox work? Over 150 targeted cancer drugs are currently on the market. But deciding which of these drugs to give to late-stage cancer patients is not a simple task. Cancer doctors are in a race against the clock. They don’t always know which medication will be most effective for their patients. Because these drugs are expensive and typically have significant side effects, they can’t just try them all. Because of these barriers, targeted cancer therapies are effective only 25% of the time, and 70% of patients with late-stage cancers die due to the toxic side effects of ineffective drugs. Oncobox Dx analyses tumor DNA, RNA, and molecular pathways using algorithms to distinguish which molecular targets are the most crucial for individual cases. Doctors receive a clinically actionable report that shows them which drugs are likely to be most effective on the patient. We actively seek partners from pharma, hospitals/clinicians, payers, and genomic centers. Feel free to contact us at hello@oncobox.com. Our team and the scientific advisory board consisting of leading scientists and researchers from UCLA, Stanford, Johns Hopkins University, Boston University, Tufts University, and Rutgers University.
4323. legacy : **TL;DR:** Legacy (YC S19) is a startup focused on the fast-growing field of fertility and family planning. Founded at Harvard, the company has now raised $40M from leading investors like FirstMark Capital, Bain Capital Ventures, Section 32, Tribe Capital, and even celebrities like Justin Bieber, The Weeknd, and others. **What we're doing** We aim to change the outdated view that fertility is a "women's issue" by creating an accessible, affordable product for men & people with sperm. This includes everything from a mail-in kit for sperm testing & sperm freezing, personalized sperm improvement products, tele-health, DNA fragmentation analysis, supplements, and more. **Why are we the leader?** The company was founded at Harvard by a team of healthcare and fertility experts. We obsess about talent density and have out-executed our competitors over the past few years. Beyond our D2C channel, we've also unlocked: 1. Nationwide insurance coverage (10M+ lives) 2. Military contracts (Including the Navy SEALs and 15M+ veterans) 3. Employer offerings (Working with the top fertility benefit providers) **Tell me about the team** We're a team of about 30, extremely diverse (majority female, majority immigrants, strong LGBQTIA+ representation, age range of 25-65), and very values driven. Our 5 values are customer centricity, reliability, kindness, openness, and winning. Learn more about our values here: https://khaled-legacy.medium.com/legacys-values-and-why-they-matter-db116539d3da Learn more about our workplace here: https://khaled-legacy.medium.com/how-and-why-legacy-is-reinventing-workplace-benefits-9e5fda6cb863 Read about our mission to humanize the path to parenthood: https://khaled-legacy.medium.com/how-and-why-legacy-is-reinventing-workplace-benefits-9e5fda6cb863 Learn more about sperm and why it matters here: docsend.com/view/zkgk7ws
4324. paydragon : Paperlinks' mission is to hyperlink the real world. Currently, Paperlinks fulfills this by providing the ultimate QR code infrastructure for businesses. Paperlinks' solution is end-to-end, providing: a free QR reading app; code generation; a Content Management System for managing code content; and in-house design and print services.
4325. appcubator : Appcubator has launched to allow users to create their own web applications with drag and drop, text inserts and custom themes, rather than having to endure the arduous process of learning to create a full-functioning website or hire a contractor.
4326. medicare-vox-fka-fair-square : Building and AI Health insurance agent.
4327. rhythmm : Rhythmm is a social app that enables its users to share interesting thoughts and conversations. Users can follow awesome channels and tap through each thought, finding their Rhythmm. They can also create their own channel, invite others to contribute or rock it solo, and the app help with the rest. Rhythmm wants to take live chat conversations from experts and interesting people and let others follow along. The startup wants to take the insights people are getting from chat groups on Telegram and remove all the noise with their own platform. Only people who have been invited by the chat creator can participate, everybody else just follows the conversations.
4328. calii : Calii is building the future of grocery shopping in LatAm by delivering ultra-fresh produce and thousands of grocery items in less than two hours– with savings and less waste! Founded by Stanford engineers, Calii is taking a full-stack, tech-driven approach connecting directly with producers and brands, automating the food supply chain end-to-end, and delivering to users’ doorsteps via a network of micro-fulfillment centers. By cutting middlemen and inefficiencies in the food supply chain, users get ultra-fresh groceries with savings, meanwhile helping the environment by reducing waste by up to 3X. Even though COVID-19 increased the use of grocery delivery apps, grocery shopping remains largely offline (~95%) and represents a multi-trillion dollar opportunity. Calii is already cracking the $1T groceries market in its path to become the next-gen Amazon in LatAm.
4329. spoonrocket : SpoonRocket is a next-gen, ultra fast delivery platform that delivers high quality tasty meals to customers in 15 minutes or less. Currently backed by Y Combinator, Foundation Capital, General Catalyst, and various other angels and funds. Download the app or checkout the website at www.spoonrocket.com.
4330. snapdocs : We're building digital infrastructure and workflow tools to connect the many parties involved in real estate transactions. The result is a more digital, online, and automated process for everyone involved.
4331. kura : Kura is a DevOps copilot that helps software teams manage their cloud infrastructure. Kura integrates directly with services like AWS to help respond to incidents, provision resources, and search over your entire cloud. Developers today spend 30% of their time managing cloud infra, and we cut that by 10x so teams can get back to shipping features quickly. Kura's founding team includes CEO Mark Dawson, an engineer and second time founder, and CTO Trevor Reed, former Google engineer and Mars Rover driver at NASA JPL.
4332. cobblestone : We're building software to help institutional landlords reduce delinquency starting with fraud reduction.
4333. pippin-rent-the-backyard : Pippin is building the autonomous homebuilding factory for the $1.7 trillion housing crisis. Building a home requires human labor to: measure, cut, lift, drill, paint, and attach. This labor is used for a building’s: structure, vapor barriers, windows, insulation, siding, roofing, electrical, plumbing, fixtures, appliances, and cabinetry. The construction industry solves this complex variety of tasks by dividing them among tiny companies of specialized artisans. Few lessons learned are shared and the industry has had no growth in labor productivity since 1947. Building technology, methods, and materials have advanced and the constraints limiting home manufacturing can now be removed. Regulations have changed to allow small and simple accessory dwelling units (a.k.a. ADUs or backyard homes), making it easier to mass-produce housing. Pippin started in the ADU market with its brand "Rent the Backyard" and will build duplexes, quadplexes, and eventually large apartment buildings.
4334. moving-parts : Moving Parts is a library of components for iOS. Everything your designers and engineers are building that isn’t unique to your app, we can do better and cheaper. We're building high-level SwiftUI components that plug right into your application, made to solve real-world problems when designing and building a native mobile app. Our components are also highly styleable and take care of responsiveness, localization, accessibility, and follow all platform best practices around dark mode, dynamic font size etc.
4335. avametric : Avametric is a privately-held AR and simulation company working to revolutionize the fashion and retail industries. We were founded in 2012 and centrally located in the thriving San Francisco neighborhood of SOMA. Our software platform provides automated content creation for brands, retail & e-commerce sales tools, and increased efficiency in garment design & development. By working on both enterprise-facing tools for design and consumer-facing tools for virtual fitting rooms, we are excited to transform visualization experiences in fashion and bring traditionally physical experiences to the virtual space. We are proudly backed and supported by our lead investors at Khosla Ventures and, together, we look forward to changing the way people shop and design clothing globally. Sound like you? Find your fit at our careers page: https://www.avametric.com/careers/
4336. chordio : Chordio is an AI design companion that reviews your designs for UX copy, best practices, and design system compliance. It also helps you ideate and compose solid product briefs in minutes, including flow charts and lo-fi wireframes. It goes beyond generic advice and learns the nuances of your product, design system, and best practices. This means every suggestion is fine tuned to help you thoughtfully enhance your existing product. Finally, it works where you do - in Figma, Slack, and web, so it's easy to incorporate into your existing workflow.
4337. serica : For the first time in history, Serica enables asset rights to be traded & stored on the Bitcoin blockchain by anyone, anywhere. Serica is a commodities trading platform which connects investors to bitcoin-linked asset rights such as gold, silver, platinum & palladium assets tradeable on multiple digital money & precious metal exchanges. Customers, anywhere in the world, can purchase commodities from Serica's dealer partners. Serica's decentralized custodian service publicly manage assets under custody, allowing safe & low-cost storage of valuable hard assets. Customers leverage DigitalTangible centralized & decentralized trading partner platforms to trade their asset-receipts for bitcoin or other digital money. Precious metal bullion may also be rapidly liquidated for cash or bitcoins.
4338. cashfree-payments : Cashfree is a next-generation payments company for Indian businesses. Cashfree helps 50,000+ businesses collect and send money with solutions such as an easy to integrate payment gateway that supports instant settlements & refunds; Payouts - an API banking platform for bulk disbursals; a split payment solution for marketplaces; a Bank Account Verification API; a dedicated UPI stack for businesses and Auto Collect - a virtual account solution to match inbound payments to customers. It counts Xiaomi, Nykaa, Zomato, Zoomcar, Cred, Swiggy, Shell, Zepto, Dunzo as well as donation platforms like Ketto and Milaap amongst its customers. Cashfree is a licensed payment aggregator in India and works with all leading banks to build the core payments and banking infrastructure that powers Cashfree’s products. Cashfree is also integrated with major platforms like Shopify, Wix, Paypal, Amazon Pay, Ola Money and Google Pay.
4339. zip : 
4340. keylika : Keylika is an early stage biopharma startup developing metal-based drugs using a platform synthesis technology to treat unmet medical needs. We then administer these drugs using proven delivery technologies to effect the best clinical outcomes. Our first product is a small molecule iron drug (new molecular entity) delivered by a wearable skin patch to treat Iron Deficiency Anemia (IDA), with significantly higher safety, efficacy and tolerability over existing treatments. This is poised to be a best-in-class, potentially breakthrough therapy for treating iron deficiency without any GI side-effects (eg. nausea, constipation, diarrhea, etc.) typically associated with oral iron supplements, and without the risks, costs and side-effects associated with IV iron infusions. When approved, Keylika’s proprietary transdermal iron will be the world's first prescription iron patch. Iron deficiency is a hugely understated problem affecting about 1.6 billion people worldwide and more than 30 million in the US alone, translating to a $17B US market.
4341. anchor : Anchor provides APIs, dashboard and tools that help developers easily embed and build banking products. This includes APIs for creating bank accounts, funds transfers, savings products, issuing cards and offering loans. We also provide regulatory coverage and continuous compliance support to our partners.
4342. sorting-robotics : 
4343. fabius : Fabius helps sales leaders understand and improve their reps' performance by analyzing customer calls with AI. Companies like Airbyte and Fermat use us to score every call and identify when a customer hasn’t been properly qualified. Fabius helps drive decisions within sales, including: - Disqualify a deal: Reps work on deals that will never close. We identify the deals that won't be successful and make sure reps don't waste time on them. - Need to strengthen the business case for a deal: We tell managers and reps when a deal has a weak business case and show them how to uncover more business value in the deal.
4344. outerbase : Outerbase is the interface for your database. Companies use Outerbase to view, edit, and modify their data and even generate beautiful visual dashboards without having to write a single line of SQL.
4345. tuva-health : At Tuva Health, we make open source software that cleans and transforms messy healthcare data. We’re founded by Aaron Neiderhiser and Coco Zuloaga, former senior execs from Health Catalyst and Strive Health. We realized data transformation and data quality is the fundamental problem preventing the healthcare industry from building scalable data products. We launched Tuva and joined the W22 batch of Y Combinator to solve this problem for the entire industry. Since January 1st, we signed our first customer (paying $10k per month) and completed the first major release of the Tuva Project. At Tuva, our goal is to (1) become the open standard for healthcare data transformation and (2) build the data network for multi-site benchmarking, research, and machine learning on top of this open standard.
4346. spate : Spate is your machine intelligence solution for finding the next big trend in Beauty and Food. For example, we spotted trends such as turmeric, face masks, and cold brew.
4347. cellbyte : Cellbyte is an AI-driven copilot designed for Pricing & Market Access (P&MA) teams in the pharmaceutical industry. It enables users to perform complex data analyses on clinical, regulatory and pricing-related data and to extract insights from industry documents using natural language queries. By radically reducing the time and effort required for research, Cellbyte transforms drug launch strategies, providing critical answers in seconds. The founders Daniel, Felix and Samuel are serial entrepreneurs with a combined experience of 5+ years in the pharmaceutical industry.
4348. ohmic-biosciences : Pests and pathogens cost the world hundreds of billions of dollars every year. Existing technologies like agrochemicals are no longer working. Ohmic Biosciences uses protein engineering to design resistance genes for crops that are robust to pathogen evolution.
4349. sunlight : Sunlight is an API to change the card-on-file with apps and subscription services. Fintechs use Sunlight to automatically make their cards top-of-wallet as soon as they're issued. Merchants, service providers and subscriptions-based businesses everywhere now offer their customers the ability to save a debit/credit card on file, so they can pay their bills on time, buy in one click, or earn rewards. In 2021, 79% of consumers worldwide reported already having at least one payment card saved with a service or being open to doing so. In recent years, card-issuing as-a-service has become mainstream: any company can now start their own card business in a matter of weeks. Last year, the number of new payment cards issued was at an all-time high. For users, however, switching banks or opening a new card now comes with an additional hurdle: they need to update their payment info across the internet. On the other side of that equation, card issuers have no visibility or control over the card-on-file updating process, and as a result struggle to get their new users to switch their spend from their old card to the new one, leading to low conversion rates and missed revenue opportunities. Until Sunlight. With our universal get-your-card-on-file API, FIs can now offer their users, at any point in their journey, a quick and easy way to update their debit/credit card info everywhere they shop or pay online, without ever leaving their Apps. The Sunlight API works on every platform that has a card-on-file option (think Uber, Amazon, Netflix, DoorDash, Starbucks and so many more…), is as seamless as a Plaid connection, and always gets the card number and CVV code right on the first try!
4350. keynua : Keynua is an E-sign platform that uses short video signatures which serve both to approve specific documents and provide the visual identity of the signatory, which is then confirmed using official records and social network profiles. All transactions are "notarized" on the Blockchain. Keynua stores encrypted versions of the identities of all signatories so that users may reuse them with other companies affiliated to the Keynua platform.
4351. launchhear : LaunchHear is a way for bloggers to get early review copies of new products.
4352. trestle-biotherapeutics : We are developing an implantable therapeutic tissue that will be surgically delivered to patients suffering from end stage renal disease. Upon implantation, this tissue will supplement the patient's renal function, eliminating their dependency on dialysis and improving their disease status. This has the potential to not only get these patients off dialysis - a significant impact for them and their families - but to greatly extend the time required before kidney transplantation is essential.
4353. muffin-data : Muffin Data is a turnkey data platform and reporting solution for consumer packaged goods (CPG) brands. We combine proprietary data sets with automated ingestion from industry-specific data sources to provide a clear and unified view of in-store sales performance, product distribution, and supply chain health.
4354. maroo : 
4355. lume-2 : Lume automates data mapping using AI. Lume helps teams ingest client data, normalize data from different sources, and create one to many integrations, automatically.
4356. cognito : Cognito is the highest converting ID verification system on the market. By starting with just a user's phone number, Cognito can verify their name, date of birth, address, phone, and Social Security Number. The strong link formed between a user and their phone number builds trust while reducing friction.
4357. eventjoy : Eventjoy is a mobile-first ticketing company that is redefining how people organize and experience events. Organizers all around the world use Eventjoy to plan everything from conferences to happy hours. They're building technology to make event organizing a breeze, with a focus on mobile to enhance the event day experience.
4358. focal-systems : Focal Systems is on a mission to lower the cost of living for all mankind by automating and optimizing Brick and Mortar Retail with the latest advancements in AI. Focal Systems is the industry leader in retail automation solutions. By digitizing store shelves hourly and unleashing FocalOS, retailers unlock huge operational efficiencies, optimized merchandising, and streamlined supply chains which deliver impactful financial results. Focal is transforming retail by empowering store management to make automated, data-driven decisions. We are the operating system of retail.
4359. felafax : Felafax is building AI infra for non-NVIDIA GPUs. With our ML experience from Google and Meta, we built a new AI stack that is 2x more cost-efficient and performant without needing Nvidia’s CUDA.
4360. shekel-mobility : Our platform helps car dealers find, finance and sell more cars in the $30B African used Car market. We are building the largest auto dealership ecosystem ; powering $10Bn transactions annually
4361. drip-capital : Drip is a digital trade finance startup. Trade finance is an age-old paper-based industry dominated by banks that focus on large, established corporate customers. Today, however, small businesses account for 40% of trade, but still remain neglected by banks. Drip is using technology to re-build core parts of the trade finance infrastructure and make the underwriting and financing of B2B transactions seamless for small businesses. Our mission is to level the playing field for small businesses and to finance their trade at the click of a button. Drip consists of experts in both finance and technology and has offices in Palo Alto and Mumbai. Drip is backed by top tier investors Accel, Sequoia, Wing, Initialized and Y Combinator.
4362. edoome : Edoome turns the classroom into an online community, so teachers, students and parents can communicate and collaborate in an easy and secure way. Edoome is a free service where teachers, students and parents can create or join a course to start collaborating, posting assignments, generating online quizzes and sharing files.
4363. agentic-labs-2 : Agentic Labs is making software design and architecture less painful by building AI into the process. Today, developers have no shortage of tools for instantly creating chunks of code, but designing the systems that integrate this code is the hardest and most manual part of software engineering. Our first product is Glide, an AI-first editor purpose-built for writing technical design docs. It connects to your codebase and saves your engineering team time on triage, planning, and implementation of complex code changes.
4364. somos : We use cutting-edge radio tech operating in unlicensed spectrum to rapidly build fiber-quality networks (1Gbps ) in the urban developing world.
4365. moxion-power-co : Moxion Power manufactures mobile energy storage products and technologies, which enable last-mile electrification in industries such as construction, transportation, events and entertainment, film production and telecommunications.
4366. keyri : Keyri helps companies implement simple, secure anti-fraud and authentication solutions to delight users and keep bad actors off their platform. Keyri's mobile application and browser fingerprinting suite ties user identities to trusted devices, preventing fraudulent activity such as account opening, account takeovers, bot attacks, and referral/promo abuse. Keyri is able to establish an immutable device fingerprint for every device, alerting companies of any suspicious devices during sign up, log in, or subsequent authentication events. Keyri also offers a passwordless authentication suite that leverages Passkeys, WebAuthn, and QR codes to enable biometric authentication on all platforms and devices, providing a seamless user experience, strengthening multi-factor account security, and reducing reliance on other tedious and unsecure authentication methods.
4367. somatic : Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xY5zqKRy8A8
4368. roverride : Real-time transit directions in San Francisco. Rover uses real-time public transit data to give you the best route, right now, to your destination. Always get the best route to your destination. Rover tracks all MUNI, BART, and Caltrain lines and gives you directions that make sense right now, so you don't have to wait or worry about missing a connection. Currently supporting SF MUNI, BART, and Caltrain in the SF Bay Area.
4369. tableflow : Leverage AI to extract data from PDFs, CSVs, images, and emails instantly.
4370. kingdom-supercultures : Kingdom Supercultures designs novel microbial cultures that make it easy for food manufacturers to create exciting new foods. We've developed the world's first 0-calorie fermented sodas, beers with entirely new flavors, and novel plant-based dairy replacements.
4371. apprentice-health : We deploy location beacons to track the movements of patients and doctors, measure the inefficiencies in the doctors’ workflows, and then give the hospitals targeted recommendations on how to improve.
4372. modulari-t : Cell and gene therapy promises to one day cure any disease; Modulari-T’s Platform produces the tools to fulfill that promise. Modulari-T has designed a new family of synthetic genes that can reprogram cells to better sense their environment and modify their behavior accordingly. This can be used to engineer immune cells to efficiently recognize and kill cancer cells or to create stem cells able to regenerate any tissue. Modulari-T looks to expand its technology to reach every area of cell therapy and become the platform of reference for cell engineering.
4373. scentbird : Scentbird inspires fragrance lovers to go beyond the ordinary and sample scents that evoke passion, confidence, and the unknown. Our mission is to revolutionize the way individuals perfume by bringing the ultimate fragrance playground right to their fingertips. By way of a monthly subscription service (starting at $14.95 a month), members can choose from over 500+ designer colognes and perfumes each month! See what we're all about at: www.Scentbird.com // @Scentbird *WE'RE HIRING!: https://www.scentbird.com/careers
4374. casetext : Casetext, the most widely used A.I. legal research technology, has been adopted across the legal market from the largest Am Law 100 law firms to solo practices. Its award-winning technology offers both conventional search functionality and its CARA A.I. powered contextual search, focuses on the context of your research to help you find on-point authorities faster. Founded by a team of former litigators from top law firms, as well as Ph.D. data scientists and leading A.I. engineers, Casetext helps legal researchers find the best cases, faster, including many that they would otherwise miss. For more information, visit www.casetext.com or contact our team at contact@casetext.com.
4375. cribspot : Cribspot is an online platform for college students and property managers that streamlines finding and leasing off-campus housing.
4376. hipmunk : Hipmunk is making travel planning simple and delightful. The site and mobile apps save you time by comparing top travel sites so you don't have to. The unique display makes it easy to visually compare results and choose what's best for you. Hipmunk brings in travel options ranging from commercial flights to trains to charter flights and accommodations ranging from large hotels to home and apartments rentals through Airbnb and Homeaway. Users can find less agonizing flights with the innovative flight search “Agony” sort, as well as the best hotels and home rentals with the hotel search “Ecstasy” sort. Hipmunk is one of TIME Magazine’s “50 Coolest Websites,” TIME Magazine’s “50 Best Smartphone Apps,” Travel + Leisure’s “Best Websites of 2012,” Budget Travel’s “Top 10 Most Useful Websites,” and Inc.’s “Best Booking Website.” Co-founders Adam Goldstein and Steve Huffman were named to Bloomberg BusinessWeek’s “Top Tech Entrepreneurs,” Forbes “30 Under 30” and Inc.’s “30 Under 30” lists. The company launched in 2010, is based in San Francisco, and has funding from IVP, Ignition Partners, Y Combinator, SV Angel, Webb Investment Network, Quest Hospitality Ventures, and several angel investors.
4377. mica-ai : Mica builds AI Agents that automate B2B sales. Our agents analyze sales calls, generate tailored collateral, and follow up until the deal is closed. The founders met at UC Berkeley, and at our last jobs, we saw that the best sales reps weren’t just great at selling—they were elite content creators. They crafted tailored collateral like decks and highlight videos for each buyer, and their champions used this info to advocate for purchasing their product within their companies. However, because this takes more than 30 minutes per call, even the best reps could only do tailored follow-ups for a few clients, leaving millions in lost deals. Mica’s agents reduce that time to less than a minute. This lets top performers do A+ work on every deal and helps the rest of the team sell like a top performer. Sales collateral creation and follow-up is a $11b market in the US but this is just our beachhead. We’ll ship a fleet of agents that automate and eventually replace every other facet of the $80b enterprise sales market.
4378. integration-labs : Integration Labs makes it easy to interact with your business customers' financial data. Leading SaaS, payments, and financial service companies use a single API to seamlessly retrieve and sync data across their customers' accounting, commerce, and payments platforms. With Integration Labs, B2B companies integrate once to connect to 30+ accounting, payments and e-commerce integrations and build innovative business tools for invoice financing, digital lending, expense management, automated AP/AR reconciliation, and more.
4379. screenhero : Screenhero lets you screen share any application with anyone, no matter where they are. It's super simple and blazing fast. You each get your own mouse pointer, and you're both always in control. It's designed for collaboration, not just broadcasting your screen. It's like Google Docs for any application on your computer.
4380. mindfi : MindFi is an app that reduces burnout and improves mental health for employees. We sell to companies in Asia such as Deutsche Bank, KPMG, PatSnap, Visa. The team is headquartered in Singapore and consists of Bjorn, (ex-Zendesk product manager), psychologist Anita Sadasivan (UMich alum, ex-Raffles Hospital), Leon 2X startup founder with 2 exits and Gangeshwar, an award-winning AI engineer.
4381. quetzal : Quetzal is the first fully LLM-powered translation and internationalization suite, enabling companies to translate and internationalize their software and content instantly with minimal setup. We also handle all of your internationalization issues, from managing all of your stakeholders to bringing your product and marketing to market. No more waiting days or even weeks for translated content! Deliver a perfect experience to your users in any language, instantly.
4382. textpayme : Founded in 2005, TextPayMe is an SMS payment service that lets you send money to other people using cell phone text messaging. TextPayMe lets you send money to anyone else in the US with an SMS-capable cell phone, and while phone carriers may charge for the actual text message sent/received, sending and receiving money is free while TextPayMe remains in Beta. In July 2006, the TextPayMe team started working for Amazon and, as of 2011, the site redirects to an Amazon's mobile payment website. There was no press release related to this event but it's assumed the company was acquired. Sending and receiving payments through TextPayMe is easy: simply write a text message to SMS@TextPayMe.com with "pay amount phonenumber" in the body (i.e. to send $5 to 123-456-7890, text "pay 5 1234567890"). The service is secure as well, as each payment needs to be confirmed by a user-created PIN. To fund your transactions, TextPayMe lets you add money directly from your bank account and now also lets you link your credit card as well. Currently, the maximum amount that can be sent or received per month is $500.
4383. korrai : KorrAI is the leading ground stability monitoring platform, leveraging satellite radar technology to protect critical infrastructure from escalating subsidence risks in a changing climate. Our solutions serve major property insurers mining companies, data centers, and infrastructure operators worldwide as they face increasing threats from prolonged droughts, shifting water tables, and extreme weather events. The platform combines multi-satellite InSAR data with proprietary algorithms to deliver millimeter-precise ground movement detection and risk assessment. Our technology processes over 1 petabyte of satellite data annually, covering 3 million square kilometers with validated 1mm/year precision. Through advanced calibration using motorized corner reflectors and extensive GNSS networks, we achieve 85% prediction accuracy across Europe and North America. With climate change projected to affect 40% of global infrastructure by 2030 through ground instability, our solution enables proactive risk management and adaptation strategies. Founded by a team of tech and remote sensing entrepreneurs with one successful exit and decade-long experience serving Fortune 500 companies.With offices in Canada (Toronto, Halifax, Vancouver) and India (New Delhi), we collaborate with leading institutions including the Canadian Space Agency, Construction Research Center, and premier universities. Strategic partnerships include major satellite operators and geotechnical engineering firms.
4384. laguna : 
4385. slapdash : Slapdash brings all your apps together in one place to give you new superpowers. It's a new type of tool that makes modern computer work less tedious and more fun. It's just one neat trick: we make your workflow insanely fast. We have built a low-latency, file-system for your cloud apps as well as the fastest interface in the world to drive it: the Command Bar.
4386. pyq-ai : We build automations that can pull information from documents, fill out forms and software, and integrate with your existing systems. For example, insurance brokerages use us to pull information from policies, fill out forms, update accounting software and generate proposals.
4387. ridealong : RideAlong is a software tool that gives patrol officers key information about people with mental illness at the scene—everything from tailored de-escalation techniques to personalized service referral options.
4388. tech-in-asia : Tech in Asia (YC W15) is the largest English-language technology media company that focuses on Asia. From the latest news to the hottest trends and the boldest startups to the strongest titans, we cover everything tech in the region. Our goal is to build and serve Asia’s tech and startup community.
4389. protonet : 
4390. arnata : 
4391. branch8 : Branch8 offers e-commerce sellers access to a single platform that lets them list their products across a wide swath of e-commerce sites. Updating and delisting items are similarly simple. Plus, the company also offers logistics and order management – the idea is that it can be a one-stop shop for e-commerce sellers, helping them to earn more money while saving them valuable time. Branch8 is created by a team of sellers and engineers. They live and breathe e-commerce. In the past, They were a top seller selling across Lazada, Qoo10, Rakuten, Amazon and Ebay. Their team consists of individuals from Lazada, Rocket Internet, Facebook and Microsoft.
4392. pantheon : Pantheon is an online competitive community of the brightest students in the world. High school and middle school students match with each other based on skill level and compete head-to-head in real-time to see who can answer questions fastest, much like offline competitions such as Science Bowl.
4393. moots-ai : Moots is an AI-powered networking and relationship management app designed to help professionals, super-connectors, and entrepreneurs track, manage, and leverage their relationships efficiently. Moots goes beyond traditional contact management by capturing both online and offline interactions, enabling users to remember key personal details and business contexts. It provides a seamless way to manage introductions, track interactions, and utilize AI to surface important insights, helping users nurture valuable connections over time.
4394. triply : Triply (Formerly Tripitaca) is the operating system for travel businesses in Africa. We eliminate operational chaos by unifying payments, Invoicing, payroll, accounting, operations, and more into a single platform allowing travel businesses to execute and sell more efficiently.
4395. rocketrip : Rocketrip cuts a company’s travel costs by incentivizing employees to spend less on their trips. When employees get to keep a portion of the savings they generate, they start to treat the company’s money like it’s their own. Rocketrip’s software combines real-time travel prices, company policy, and a suite of patented algorithms to set customized budgets and predict what a trip should cost. Business travelers beat their budgets by making cost-conscious choices like booking in advance, selecting a cheaper hotel, or staying with friends. The company saves money, and the employee earns actual rewards. Rocketrip provides comprehensive reporting and seamlessly integrates into any existing corporate and expense technology stack. If you want to rein in business travel costs while improving corporate culture, visit rocketrip.com
4396. apto-payments : Apto Payments provides a white-label, turnkey solution to launch innovative, user-first, card programs. Our technology empowers our customers to issue Visa and Mastercard, physical and virtual, card programs. We have both a developer-first, Instant Issuance Platform, as well as an enterprise solution for bespoke opportunities.
4397. copia : We waste 3X more food than there are hungry mouths to feed. It is not a lack of food that's the issue, but rather an ineffective distribution of that food. Hunger is not a scarcity problem; it's a logistics problem. For the first time ever, we can effectively donate prepared and highly perishable food to those who need it when we need it most. Copia is a for-profit company that has built technology allowing businesses (e.g., food management companies like Compass Group, corporate cafeterias, universities, hospitals, grocers, caterers, etc.) to easily request pickups of their surplus food, have it matched, and safely delivered to non-profits in need. With Copia, partnering businesses can seamlessly access significant tax savings, dramatically reduce food waste through data and analytics on surplus, and remove CO2 from the atmosphere, all while feeding their community. We have diverted over 7M pounds of edible food from landfills and provided businesses and nonprofits with over $23M in savings. We will feed over 7M people with incredible food that would have otherwise been wasted!
4398. dyspatch : Dyspatch by Sendwithus is a powerful communications platform built around advanced email content management. Our platform simplifies transactional email creation with a robust API, an easy to use editor, and built-in device testing, allowing for truly collaborative email strategy and execution. A centralized hub for email creation, approval, and publishing, our cloud-based solution empowers Product, Marketing, CRM, and Loyalty teams to efficiently build and test meaningful, dynamic communications without involving developers or deploying code. And with built-in support for 300+ locales, your teams can seamlessly manage localized content for global communications. Easily connect your cloud email provider or customize your integration to connect to your digital messaging service. Upload your existing templates in minutes. And from there, you’re well on your way to optimizing every email you send.
4399. trueplace : Trueplace's AI supercharges professionals for interviews.
4400. asterisk : Asterisk (asterisk.so) is an AI Hacker for Codebases - it automatically finds, verifies, and patches security vulnerabilities in codebases, just like a human security engineer would. Asterisk can find business logic errors with context-aware scanning and automate the full auditing cycle to generate reports with near-zero false positives. Asterisk has autonomously discovered vulnerabilities in Google, Hoppscotch, and others.
4401. finmark : Finmark is financial planning software for startups. We make it simple for companies to manage their runway, hiring, and cash.
4402. lsk-technologies : 
4403. scout-2 : Digital health holds a lot of potential but is ignoring a growing problem: diagnostic testing. Without this data, providers and organizations will be limited in the services they can provide patients at home. Scout has developed a platform - Hub, test kits, and app - that delivers health testing at home with 10x lower development cost and 3x lower per-test price. Our patented tech also meets performance requirements for medical diagnoses and integrates with the current healthcare tech stack. Scout’s technology is poised to disrupt the outdated $33Bn diagnostic market by democratizing testing while dramatically improving the patient experience. Scout has received $16M in non-dilutive funding from the NIH and other organizations to fully de-risk our platform, and our pipeline includes a diverse test menu for primary care (e.g. respiratory and sexual health), wellness (e.g. gut health), and chronic conditions (e.g. certain cancers). We have already received FDA authorization for our platform in clinical settings and are planning to launch our flagship Scout Hub in 2024.
4404. wevorce : Wevorce is fixing divorce by ensuring kids come first, costs stay affordable, and the transition is appropriately paced, so that couples can focus on parenting, not fighting. For families, the Wevorce experience stands in stark contrast to the traditional adversarial approach. Instead of each spouse "lawyering up,"​ Wevorce brings them together to work with a specially-trained attorney-mediator who guides the couple through a defined, but fully customized, settlement process. Additional experts in finance and parenting are brought in as needed to ensure the settlement g... See More
4405. zeo-route-planner : Experience cutting-edge route optimization with Zeo, a versatile platform designed for both mobile and web. Our innovative app, trusted by over 1 million drivers across 146 countries, revolutionizes last-mile delivery by minimizing delivery times and reducing costs. Zeo Fleet, an essential tool for fleet managers and businesses, offers a seamless, no code solution to manage and assign stops to drivers, streamlining setup in under 15 minutes. Join 5,000+ businesses that rely on Zeo for daily route planning. Zeo caters to a diverse range of industries including last-mile delivery, waste management, healthcare, home services (like lawn mowing, pool maintenance, handyman services, HVAC), real estate, building inspection, and national park service. Key features of Zeo include advanced stop assignment, efficient route optimization, real-time driver tracking, comprehensive proof of delivery tracking, effective load assignment, and precise geo-fencing for drivers. Choose Zeo for a smarter, more efficient routing solution.
4406. nexu : 
4407. yoshi-mobility : We believe that the automotive industry will change more in the next five years than it has in the last 50. The gas station was invented in 1910 and has not changed substantially since then; traditional lube and mechanic shops have not evolved much either. To enable this industry transformation, the infrastructure required to fuel and service vehicles must evolve as well. Since the total spend for all fuel and maintenance can more than double the cost of ownership of a vehicle over its lifetime, the impact at stake is huge. This is where we derived our mission: To help our members to keep moving in the safest, most efficient, and planet-friendly way possible, while delivering unparalleled customer service. Start Yoshi. Keep Moving.
4408. yesgraph : YesGraph helps your app grow by recommending exactly who a user should invite. We can help boost the performance of referral and invite flows in your app or web site. We use machine learning and social graph analysis -- a lot like "People You May Know" on LinkedIn!
4409. kimono-labs : Kimono Labs lets people turn websites into structured APIs from their browsers in seconds. We are based in San Francisco, California and graduated from the Y Combinator startup accelerator. Our main product, a bookmarklet or chrome extension, enables users to scrape and crawl websites without any programming required.
4410. bayes : 
4411. portao-3 : Portão 3 is Ramp for LATAM. We are the frictionless way for companies to make payments. The company is founded by Fernando, second-time entrepreneur with past successful exit and ex-CPO of large IT consulting firms in Brazil and Bianca, experienced entrepreneur that handled payments for Cargill and funded startups in travel and growth. We've grown bootstrapped from the beginning and we were in the Y Combinator S21 batch.
4412. balance : Balance is the easiest way for B2B marketplaces, merchants, and service providers to process payments online. We raised our last funding round from Lightspeed, Stripe, and Max Levchin to build 'Stripe for B2B'. Balance offers the first business checkout, enabling business customers to pay How they want (check, card, bank) and When they want (net terms, payment plans, invoice payments). this is achieved while the seller receives the funds instantly and easily like card payment.
4413. proxy : We're building a mobile and wearable digital wallet that makes interacting with payments, identity, and authentication seamless, fun, and empowering. Acquired by OURA in 2023
4414. paladin : When a 911 call is received, our drone is autonomously dispatched from a fire station and flies to the scene. It streams a live video feed back to the first responders, providing them with key situational details, such as the size and exact location of a fire.
4415. genius : Genius is the world's biggest encyclopedia of music. Powered by its community, in-house creative team, and the artists themselves, Genius serves music knowledge to over 100 million people each month on Genius.com and everywhere music fans connect across the internet. Founded in 2009, Genius began as a platform for annotating rap lyrics. Over the years, it has expanded its mission to include more than hip-hop, and more than just lyrics. Every song has a story that needs to be told, and the biggest names in music—including Frank Ocean, Lorde, and Lin-Manuel Miranda—come to Genius to give the world insight into their art.
4416. mypetrolpump : Why did we pick this idea to work on? India is a country with 200 mln vehicles (about the same number as USA) but one third the number of gas stations(60K) as compare to USA(160K), The consequence of odd number of fuel stations is long queues of vehicles at the gas stations to fill up, heavily congested Indian roads make it worse. Opening of 100K new fuel stations is practically & economically impossible in urban localities due to rocketing high land prices. And that's how the idea of mobile refueling was conceptualized by founders. Literally "bringing the gas stations to doorsteps". The problem of buying fuel is much more alarming in large volume consumer segments such as Vehicle fleet users like schools, cab rentals, freight logistics operators , tours and travels operators, hospitals, hotels, real estate etc who burn huge amount of dead mileage & loss of productivity while sending all fleet vehicles to gas stations to fill up. Additionally, India has a unique problem of Electricity blackouts. Current avg. is less than 18 hours of a day of electricity in Indian metro cities, which causes more than 20 mln household and commercial buildings running on backup generators which require Diesel. They cant bring the generators to gas stations either therefore they buy Diesel in jerry cans or barrels and transport unsafely. Our solution is solving the desperate & daily need of Indian consumers along with convenience. Do we have domain expertise in this area? Founder is ex veteran of Shell with 9 years of global experience, has complete understanding Oil marketing business. How do you know people need what you're making? We have over 5000 registred large volume customers who are waiting to be served. With our limited number of refueling vehicles ,we could serve max 1200 customers currently. We got all these customers without spending a penny in marketing and promotion. Zero sales efforts. Additionally, we have received over 400 franchisee requests across India where people want to offer mobile refueling service their town validating the demand.
4417. estimote-inc : Estimote, Inc. is the creator of SpaceTimeOS, a revolutionary operating system installed directly on physical spaces to make them programmable and interactive. Small sensors are attached to walls and items. They talk to each other and communicate with with servers. A digital copy of the physical space is created in the cloud, allowing for inch-precise and real-time tracking of assets, people, and vehicles. When they move or interact with each other pre-programmed actions are triggered as defined in the apps "installed" in different rooms or places. Apps can be downloaded from the marketplace of create by developers using JavaScript and a robust API. The system utilizes wireless technologies such as Bluetooth and Ultra Wideband to automate processes and track the movement of objects. SpaceTimeOS allows for the creation of smart workplace applications and the digital twinning of entire businesses and supply chains, as well as the blending of physical and digital data.
4418. asklio : askLio builds AI Copilots to help procurement teams at enterprises. When an employee wants to procure something, the process used to take weeks. askLio turns it into hours. The company is founded by AI engineers and procurement experts that have built an AI Startup together before. Think of Lio as an additional assistant for every procurement manager - saving enterprises on average millions per year and reducing manual work of procurement managers by 80%. Some of the most renowned companies in the world are already using our AI-Copilot.
4419. 280-north : 280 North is a web application company based on their proprietary application framework, Cappuccino. Along with Objective-J, Cappuccino provides a complete toolkit to develop rich web applications. It's modeled after a proven desktop development environment, and has been released as an open source project under the LGPL. 280 North's first application, 280 Slides, enables anyone with a web browser to quickly and easily create beautiful presentations. 280 Slides takes advantage of the web by making it trivial to find and include great media in your presentation. We also built in advanced features like importing and exporting PowerPoint documents, so your data is always portable.
4420. glow-energy : Glow Energy is a mission-driven company dedicated to making the built environment more sustainable. Our software empowers rental property owners to transform their buildings into Virtual Power Plants that drive sustainability and financial benefits for tenants, property owners, and clean energy infrastructure developers.
4421. fiddlecube : FiddleCube's AI agent helps teams build safe, enterprise-ready Gen AI systems. FiddleCube generates the most comprehensive and up-to-date set of adversarial tests for red-teaming, ensuring safety and compliance with laws across the EU, USCAN, and MENA countries.
4422. onelocal : OneLocal's cloud-based tools help you provide best-in-class experiences, connecting you with customers in a more meaningful way. Each tool is designed to work independently, but when connected together, they offer full-automation to drive revenue growth & save you time. There's no infrastructure or setup time required, simply login & watch OneLocal work for your business.
4423. fithub : 
4424. teevox : Teevox is the company behind teevoxRemote, an app that allows an iPhone/iPad Touch to be used as a remote control for Hulu and Netflix. The app allows one-touch show selection, synchronized shared viewing with a friend, and play/pause/volume control.
4425. second-measure : Second Measure is a Silicon Valley technology company and leading provider of data analytics that deliver valuable insights into company performance and consumer behavior. Investors use these tools for screening/sourcing, thesis validation/diligence, and intra-quarter KPI prediction. Consumer brands use these tools for competitive benchmarking and to make key decisions on product strategy, partnerships, and growth marketing. Second Measure is based in San Mateo, CA with an additional office in New York. We’re proudly backed by Bessemer Venture Partners, Goldman Sachs, Citi Ventures, Y Combinator, and other top investors. We'd love to hear from you if you're passionate about data, working with a bright team, and want to be a part of a growing startup.
4426. nurx : Nurx is a telemedicine startup focused on increasing access to healthcare, starting with birth control and PrEP services.
4427. unison : UNISON is building a unified reality headset to dive in and resurface from virtual worlds with new-found value. UNISON is a small team of passionate people from companies like Meta, Sony, Apple and research labs like the IARAI, based in the SF Bay Area and backed by some of the world’s best investors. Learn more about us, our product, and team here: in-unison.com.
4428. okay : 
4429. denormalized : Denormalized is a serverless real-time data platform that allows users to query data quickly while eliminating the need to manage complex infrastructure. It enhances developer productivity by automating schema inference from sample data and simplifying data stream creation allowing engineers to go from idea to production fast. Denormalized supports SQL for data transformations without needing complex stream processing systems like Flink.
4430. andson-biotech : Andson Biotech helps pharmaceutical companies measure difficult to detect chemicals that they need to measure while developing and manufacturing drugs like cell-therapies or biologics. Drug companies want to use our technologies to get fast and accurate chemical measurements they do thousands of times per day for drug development and quality control.
4431. duffel : Any business - from travel startups to financial enterprises - can build with Duffel. Shop flights and accommodation, purchase extras, manage bookings and more.
4432. clear-genetics : Clear Genetics is developing innovative, patient-centric software to thoughtfully integrate genetics into routine patient care. Our HIPAA-compliant platform offers an automated and comprehensive solution to deliver genetic services at scale. Clear Genetics serves leading health systems, clinics and commercial labs across the nation.
4433. envelope : Envelope is a banking app with built-in budgeting. It's similar to Mint, Copilot, or Rocket Money, but our app issues you a checking account during onboarding so there's no syncing or flaky bank connections. We are structured to be the primary checking and savings account for our users. We (Josh and Katelyn) are married cofounders who previously worked on Apple Card and the Robinhood iOS app. We started Envelope because we were using clunky tools like the Chase app, spreadsheets, and Mint to run our family finances and realized we could do it better. In the future, you could go set up a Chase account for checking, E-Trade for investing, SoFi for savings, Ally for money market, Greenlight for kid cards, PLUS the Mint/YNAB/Rocket Money to glue it all together + budgeting, or you could just use Envelope. _Envelope is a financial technology company and is not a bank. Banking services provided by Pacific West Bank, Member FDIC. Your funds are FDIC insured up to $250,000 through Pacific West Bank, Member FDIC. The Envelope Visa® Debit Card is issued by Pacific West Bank, N.A. pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used anywhere Visa cards are accepted._
4434. docbot : 
4435. symphony : Symphony helps enterprises train their customer-facing employees using interactive AI voice simulations of real-world scenarios. Users can create an infinite number of simulations that allow their teams to practice the job - avoiding costly mistakes with real customers. For example, we’re live with 2 of the top 3 auto insurers in NA, helping train 1000s of newly hired claims adjusters.
4436. station : Station is the central interface for your team’s knowledge. Thanks to our browser extension teams easily visualize and switch across all apps, documents, notes, messages, and more. Connect any app to Station, customize your interface and watch how Station creates links between files and highlights the information you need when you need it. It’s a one click install.
4437. holacasa : Holacasa helps real estate brokers with a end-end mortgage solutions to offers the customers, having instant quote, pre-qualify and apply to their mortgage fast and simple with a white-label solution, and Real Estate companies to have dashboards, real time status and a raking of their potential leads.
4438. obie : Obie is an insurance technology company, hyper-focused on driving value for the modern real estate investor and the partners they work with every day. Whether you are an owner, lender, agent, or property manager, Obie’s mission is to build technology and insurance products that drive efficiency and fundamentally change the way insurance is bought and sold.
4439. sprintai : AI Platform that powers the brands & retailers of tomorrow. SprintAI helps the brands in better decision making & automating various processes in Inventory Management & Omnichannel Fulfilment.
4440. coderwall : Coderwall is a collaborative learning platform for software developers to improve their programming knowledge. It is based in San Francisco, California.
4441. playmaker : We're building the social, infrastructure layer for players of fantasy sports games, to provide them with a centralised place where they can own their identity as a fantasy sports player and get additional enjoyment and engagement out of watching live sports alongside their friends.
4442. maple-materials-fka-saratoga-energy : Maple Materials, Inc. (Richmond, California) develops a low-cost electrolysis process to split carbon dioxide into graphite and oxygen. Due to several unique features of our production process and product, we have potential to produce battery-grade graphite anode material one-third the cost of current graphite anode materials. When powered by renewables, this process has the potential to be carbon negative.
4443. fazz : FAZZ is the leading all-in-one finance platform for businesses in Indonesia and Singapore. We are a b2b neobank with payment acceptance capabilities. The company is the market leader among underbanked segments such as warungs / startups and is building a super-app to serve mid-market and enterprise clients. Core features are: * Accept payments (e-wallet, bank transfer, credit card) * Business Cash Account (earn 4% interest) * Transfer / Pay (payment API's, corporate card, invoice processing via software) * Lending (instant settlement, invoice financing) * Value-add SaaS (inventory management, expense management) FAZZ processes more than $6 bn of annualized GTV for companies of all sizes (from warungs to fortune 500s) and has achieved $25 mm of annualized Revenue. The company has raised over $74 mm USD from top tier global investors such as Tiger Global, DST, Y Combinator, B Capital Group, and Insignia Ventures. The founders are ex Amazon, Grab, Quora, and Traveloka.
4444. raven-tech : Raven Tech is a startup which focus on artificial intelligent, big data and the next generation operating system. Besides, Raven Tech is the fifth alumni of Microsoft Venture Accelerator and the only one startup team from mainland China in Y Combinator W15.
4445. smartsite : Making construction sites safer for workers, and easier to manage for the firms that operate them. SmartSite makes active mitigation of health and safety risks automatic, and helps companies comply with regulation. SmartSite combines a rugged, site-deployed smart connected device, with a robust cloud infrastructure and accessible dashboards.
4446. stownest : Valet self-storage solution for your personal storage needs. Be it household storage or seasonal belongings, we will pick them up and store them in our facility. You get it back when you need it. Service built on technology and strong customer experience fundamentals.
4447. fanvibe : Check-in to games to chat and trash-talk with friends who are also watching. Get scores and breaking news sent straight to your iPhone. Fanvibe covers the NBA, NFL, MLB, NHL, college basketball, college football, and the English Premier League. Fanvibe Features Include: -Your Sports Pulse: A custom feed with news, scores and your friendsâ€™ activity. -Game Check-Ins: Tell your friends what youâ€™re watching and see what games your friends are watching. Never ask, â€œDid you see that game?â€ again! -Personalized Scoreboard: Real-time scores, live game details, alerts and score updates. -Favorites: Get news and scores for your favorite teams sent straight to your iPhone or iPod touch. -Friend Finder: Find your friends easily by searching Facebook, Twitter and your address book. Coming soon: March Madness brackets and World Cup coverage, Cricket, Golf and Tennis. About Fanvibe Fanvibe for the iPhone / iPod Touch is the first product from We The Fan, a company dedicated to building new sports products built by and for the sports fan.
4448. coupl : Coupl is India's first neobank for couples. We help couples easily manage their shared payments. While Indian couples have evolved over the last 20 years, the traditional joint account hasn't. Today, young Indian couples start sharing payments well before tying the knot. They use multiple tools to budget, split, track and settle expenses. They also prefer a quick and digital banking experience. However, the traditional joint account is still only accessible to married couples, takes days to open and is very limited in its expense management features & user experience. Coupl lets any young couple (regardless of their marital status) open a digital joint wallet in under 60 seconds using the mobile app - without ever having to visit a physical bank branch. Customers can use the Coupl wallet to pool in money together and pay for shared expenses using our RuPay cards.
4449. afriex : Afriex makes it easy for immigrants to send money home. We offer instant, low-fee remittances to over 25 countries around the world.
4450. outsail-technologies : OutSail Technologies is building unlimited-range wind-powered vessels using aerospace technology. We know modern aerodyamics can make wind cheaper and more reliable than internal combustion. The effects of fossil-fuel use are degrading the ocean and destroying the planet. It’s time for modern wind power. Outsail has brought a groundbreaking technology from satellites, the tape spring, to earth. Our fully autonomous, retractable wingsail allows vessels to access more wind power than ever before by providing both the aerodynamic efficiency of a wing and the perfect amount of area for the wind strength. OutSail is backed by Y Combinator (W23), and founded by two engineers and an aerodynamics PhD who have led teams, managed products, and designed hardware for Momentus, Nuro, AEye, Tesla and SpaceX.
4451. flint-2 : Flint is an AI platform for schools. With Flint, schools can use AI to provide personalized learning for every student.
4452. digibuild : Our platform fixes construction's broken supply chain. 70% of construction projects finish late or over budget; procuring and managing building materials is the number 1 reason why. We use LLMs to buy and manage building materials for large construction companies. With DigiBuild, construction contractors can find, order, track and manage their materials from the supplier to the job site. We help customers save money, staff time, and improve construction project schedules. We work with the top real estate developers, general contractors, and subcontractors in the US. We manage billions in building material volume annually in the 2nd largest market in the world.
4453. osium-ai : Our AI-powered software enables materials R&D engineers to design new materials much faster. To date, manufacturing companies rely on trial-and-error and manual approaches to develop new materials. This is a tedious and time-consuming process. Yet, carbon neutrality requirements urge manufacturers to adopt greener and lighter materials to decarbonize the industry.
4454. second : AI-native enterprise codebase maintenance, including automated migrations and codebase intelligence for engineering teams who need to get stuff done.
4455. lawn-love : We're Lawn Love, a new type of lawn care service. We’re building a software layer on top of the very large and largely low-tech lawn care market. We solve two core problems: For consumers: Lawn Love is a modern, seamless lawn care experience. Gone are the days of physical, in-person estimates, payments left under the doormat, and spotty service. We use a combination of high-resolution satellite imagery, public and private data sets, and human review to generate a personalized quote for your yard – all in under two minutes and without ever setting foot on your property. From there, you are paired with a skilled lawn pro who will show up and complete the work. You can coordinate everything from your smartphone or web browser, and the entire experience is streamlined and delightful. For lawn pros: We start by bringing a pipeline of new customers straight to your door. No more spending hours hanging door hangers or dealing with snake-oil SEO salespeople. Just pick up whatever jobs you want, fill out your schedule, and you’re good to go. We also handle all the customer service, accounting, and collections; freeing you up to spend less time on the back-office work and more time in the field earning money. And that’s just the start: Our advanced job clustering and routing algorithms help build you much denser routes, allowing you to do up to twice as many jobs per day while slashing your fuel expenses and idle time. In short, we’re democratizing software that was previously only available to large companies in the space, and giving small business owners tools to operate more efficiently and better compete with the big guys.
4456. convore : Convore is an online platform that enables its users to communicate with groups in real time. Its users have the ability to join an existing group or create groups of their own. Convore allows its users to post topics and have conversations with friends about those topics. The platform also provides its users with both public and private groups. Convore was launched in 2011 by Eric Florenzano, Leah Culver, and Eric Maguire. It is operated from San Francisco, California.
4457. handl : Handl converts documents (invoices, income stabs, custom forms, etc.) into structured data through simple API. 100% automation implies no need for any supervision/manual work on your side and allows you to reduce costs, improve response time, and operate accurate data. Powered by the merge of ML/AI + humans-in-the-loop to work in real-time even for the most complicated cases
4458. appharbor : AppHarbor is a .NET Platform-as-a-Service. Developers push code to AppHarbor using either Git or Mercurial. AppHarbor then builds the code and runs any unit tests. If everything checks out, the code is deployed to AppHarbor's scalable cloud platform. AppHarbor lets developers spend their time coming up with ideas and developing applications, not patching servers, worrying about deployment, messing with configuration files, or scaling. At AppHarbor, we believe that developing and deploying .NET application should be simple and fun. AppHarbor has been designed to tie in with developers day-to-day workflows. Deploying a new version to AppHarbor is as simple as checking in code when a new feature is ready. AppHarbor will run most ASP.NET applications without modification. Moving an application to our platform requires no AppHarbor-specific code modifications nor installation of plugins or other custom software. We believe developers should be able to move applications and data to different cloud-vendors with as little friction as possible. AppHarbor believes in giving developers access to an open ecosystem of addons and 3rd party services, not just the ones we decide to provide ourselves.
4459. staffbar : 
4460. gobble : Gobble prepares farm fresh 10-minute gourmet dinner kits with 3-step instructions delivered to your door. Our weekly delivery includes three thoughtfully hand-crafted dinner kits filled with fresh pre-chopped and par-cooked ingredients (along with a gorgeous recipe card!) for you to create Michelin-worthy dinners in your very own kitchen. Gobble offers the convenience associated with takeout along with the health, satisfaction, and freshness of a home-cooked meal. With Michael Mina protege, Thomas Ricci, as our Executive Chef, we're engineering our best recipes into one pan dinner kits so anyone can cook and make a gourmet meal with 1 pan in under 10 minutes.
4461. leadgenius : LeadGenius is the most efficient way to equip sales and marketing teams with custom B2B lead data at scale. Our data experts conduct ongoing research to automatically supply teams with accurate contact information and hard-to-acquire data points for your most valuable buyer personas. By combining a remote global workforce, custom data, and machine learning, LeadGenius delivers the highest lead generation value in the marketplace.
4462. nowhouse : NowHouse helps stock brokerages settle trades instantly.
4463. workbase : We help B2B companies reduce churn and grow customer spending. Our product gives account managers access to data dashboards and priority checklists needed to proactively save customers and upsell them to more profitable products. Most companies have all the data they need to figure this out, but it’s often locked away in 20 different systems. There is no central place for an account manager to easily prioritize which customers to focus on and what actions to take to help them. Workbase is the solution, by one-click integrating the data sources and customizing the interface and actions for each company. When working on similar internal tools at companies like Segment, we saw first-hand that proactively managing the customer journey could increase net retained revenue by as much as 20 percent.
4464. darmiyan : Novel quantitative virtual microscopy for early detection of Alzheimer's disease from non-invasive MRI.
4465. syncly : We help CX and the product team to get product insights and help proactively engage with their customers before they churn by auto-analyzing all the customer communications. Our team previously founded and sold a $200M AI technology startup.
4466. owners-circle : OwnersCircle provides small business owners with the online tools and financial information that they need in order to navigate the complex world of business financing. The reality is that there is no easy way to search for small business financial products, which creates a headache for already time-strapped business owners. Recent reports show that owners spend an enormous amount of time (25 hrs on average) searching and applying for loan products, with many focusing on lenders that have high rejection rates and long, complex processes. There's a better way! There are a growing number of banks and alternative lenders that want to work with small businesses and are willing to compete for their business. Our platform provides owners with the information they need in order to identify, compare, and apply for financial products that can help take their business to the next level. Why Use OwnersCircle? 1. Get access to free, online tools to identify financial institutions that actively lend to growing small businesses 2. Shop and compare a variety of lenders and their loan products 3. Use one platform to complete your financing search versus spending countless days researching and completing lender applications only to find out you're not a fit 4. Free access to our team of funding consultants to answer any questions you may have throughout the process What Types of Business Financial Products does OwnersCircle Include? - Lender Types: Local Banks and Alternative Lenders - Product Types: SBA Term Loans, Bank Term Loans, Alternative Term Loans, Asset-based Loans and more Why Would I Need Business Financing? New location or remodel current space Purchase inventory Purchase equipment Hire additional employees Manage cash flow Refinance/consolidate current debt Marketing and advertising
4467. ficra : Ficra enables product teams to ship higher quality releases, faster. Ficra is the source of truth for every product screen and user flow, giving companies real-time visibility into what their users actually see in their live product. Ficra's AI provides a live, visual map of your users’ journeys: every screen, flow, A/B test, push notification and email. With Ficra, product teams no longer waste 25% of their time auditing complex user flows to assess product quality and find the blind spots in funnels.
4468. adgrok : AdGrok allows business owners to automate the process of choosing and bidding on keywords on Google AdWords.
4469. humanlike : A better alternative to outsourcing accounts payable and receivable. We use human-like AI to process invoices more efficiently and accurately than any BPO can. Companies like Papaya trust Humanlike to process thousands of invoices per month.
4470. neowize : NeoWize changes the way we look at machine learning and deep learning. Current deep learning algorithms focus on making the most out of the data available. NeoWize utilizes neural networks and adaptive input to create more data and better data, thus increasing our predictive power with small data-sets. We use this technology to help e-commerce sites learn what each individual buyer is looking for and create a better user experience from the first visit.
4471. kaso : Kaso (formerly Elkaso) is the largest B2B ordering platform for restaurants and suppliers in the Middle East. Kaso connects restaurants and suppliers, to manage and improve the order process end to end to save time, money, and food.
4472. ngrow-ai : AI-driven push marketing tool for mobile apps, that can be integrated in hours, without any code writing. nGrow connects to behavioral data from analytical systems like Amplitude, Google Firebase, Mixpanel etc. and allows to setup auto push campaigns with an hours. It's as simple as running Google or Facebook but in push notifications channel. nGrow.ai customers usually got their up to 30% incremental Revenue lift. We got Amplitude COO and ex-Google advisors on board
4473. streem : Streem (https://www.streem.com) offers unlimited cloud storage for your media. Store, stream, and share all your favorite movies, photos, music, and more with your friends! Streem is a magical drive on your device that lives in the cloud and gives you unlimited space. You can put files into Streem, free up space on your computer and mobile devices, and instantly access and share your content anywhere, anytime. Unlike other cloud storage tools, Streem takes up no space on your computer, but still gives you instant access to your files without any lag. All media on Streem is converted on-the-fly so you can access it seamlessly regardless of the device or bandwidth.
4474. snackpass : Skip the line, collect points and send gifts to friends 🎁 Snackpass is an app that makes ordering food more convenient, affordable and social.
4475. sqreen : Sqreen is the application security platform for the modern enterprise. More than 800 organizations trust Sqreen to protect, observe and test their applications, APIs and microservices. As opposed to pattern-based approaches, Sqreen analyses in-app execution in real time to deliver more robust security without compromising performance.
4476. seawise-capital : Seawise Capital is a trade finance company for Indian exporters. We provide SME's working capital against the strength of their international customers. We are able to provide these businesses with collateral-free capital by discounting invoices from their large overseas customers.
4477. glassjar : Glassjar designs and develops software that enables its users to manage their flat's shared expenses. It offers Flatting, a software product that enables its users to keep track of their flat's expenses, including flat account, flat-mates, and payments. The company offers a dashboard that provides an overview of their flat accounts, such as how much is available to spend, each person’s ledger, and summaries of their previous spending. Glassjar was founded by Matthew Galloway and George Smith in 2013; and is headquartered in Wellington, New Zealand.
4478. the-ankler : The Ankler is subscription news for the entertainment industry so good that everyone from CEOs to creators pay to consume it every day.
4479. compra-rapida : Compra Rápida is the fastest way to checkout in LatAm, leveraging customer experience and conversion rates. We work across all platforms, empowering anyone to collect payments in just one-click.
4480. recordbook : RecordBook is one stop solution to manage all business DATA, WORKFLOWS & TEAMS for Small and Medium Businesses on their mobile devices & in their local languages.
4481. bulldozair : Bulldozair is a technology company backed by Y Combinator (US), Station F (EU) and Kima Ventures (EU). We provide a collaborative web and mobile platform that helps companies that own real estate or industrial assets to deliver their construction projects on time and on budget. Bulldozair digitally integrates all the construction process, compliance and checklists and deliver them to contractors and engineering teams. Users follow their project progress on Dashboard and are alerted anytime there is a potential delay or technical risk and can collaborate online with those companies to solve problems. With their mobile application, construction teams collect data on the field (forms, measurements, pictures, plans...) that are uploaded directly on a collaborative platform. All that communication between stakeholders is archived for traceability. All the legal and contractual reporting that took weeks is now done automatically. Bulldozair is now deployed across the biggest names of the corporate world in infrastructure construction but also in manufacturing, energy and retail.
4482. wufoo : Wufoo is a web application that helps anybody build amazing online forms. When you design a form with Wufoo, it automatically builds the database, backend and scripts needed to make collecting and understanding your data easy, fast and fun. No coding required! Founded in 2006, Wufoo was created by Chris Campbell, Kevin Hale and Ryan Campbell on the belief that forms were the starting point for building anything useful on the web. The problem they saw was that one of the most efficient and used interfaces for collecting data, wasn’t very efficient to create. So they decide to fix that by creating Wufoo! In 2011, Wufoo was acquired by SurveyMonkey, the leader in web-based survey solutions, to help complement their growing suite of services to offer amazing data collections tools to their customers.
4483. avalanche : 
4484. cuboh : We build software to help restaurants manage their third-party delivery online orders.
4485. wyvern : Wyvern is a space data company that will capture the highest resolution hyperspectral images from satellites that cost 100X less than satellites using traditional telescopes.
4486. finic : Finic helps fintechs automate fraud and dispute investigations with AI agents that automatically follows SOPs and writes comprehensive case notes. With Finic, fintechs can: - 10x fraud ops capacity without increasing headcount - Train agents on new fraud typologies and instantly scale to thousands per day - Reduce time-to-resolution from hours to under 5 minutes
4487. khoj : Khoj is an open-source, personal AI application that helps you get answers to your questions, whether they be in your own notes or online. You can use it to get answers that are grounded in reality, references included. Rather than spending an hour researching collating information from different sources, have Khoj do it for you, easily and quickly. Khoj can also generate images and understand your voice via TTS, so you can work hands-free. With our specialized agents, you can get deeper assistance on topics related to Health, Tutoring, Therapy, or something else altogether. Because we're open-source, you can always choose to self-host Khoj on your own machine for more privacy. We've previously built products for Cortana AI at Microsoft and scaled them from 0 to 20M daily active users.
4488. bellabeat : Founded in 2014, Bellabeat is a data-centered wellness femtech company behind some of the most fashionably designed tech-powered wellness products and one of the fastest-growing wellness subscription services for women. Throughout the years, Bellabeat built the go-to wellness brand with a compelling ecosystem of solutions and services focused on women’s health. The success of the Leaf and Ivy wearables enabled the brand to expand to international markets and kickstart industry discussions on the importance of innovating in the design and development of tech products. Today, Bellabeat is leading the market shift with hyper-personalized holistic wellness offerings aligned with a women’s menstrual cycle.
4489. lendup : Could a fintech company be built that helps people today, and prepares them for tomorrow? One that offers consumers high quality, mobile-first credit and savings products and protects them from tricks and traps? That’s LendUp. LendUp's mission is to provide anyone with a better path to financial health. We believe there are two types of financial products: chutes and ladders. Ladders help people up, chutes push people down. One of our core values is that every product we offer at LendUp is a ladder, measured by the long-term financial well-being of our customers. LendUp credit cards, loans, and savings resources reflect our commitment to getting our customers to a better financial state. We are a data-driven company and build all of our technology in-house. With a firm belief that you're more than your credit score, we're extending credit as aggressively as possible and helping solve for the income volatility and financial instability that affects more than 140 million Americans. We are backed by more than $325 million in debt and equity financing from investors such as GV, PayPal, Y Combinator, QED Investors, Susa Ventures, Data Collective, Thomvest Ventures, Kleiner Perkins, Kapor Capital, Bronze Investments, radicle impact, Victory Park Capital, Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian, Gmail founder Paul Buchheit, Troy Carter, and many others. One of our values is "different backgrounds, same mission."​ We come from venerable Silicon Valley technology companies, major banks, nonprofits and law firms. We're former consumer advocates, regulators and academics. Together, we're bringing our mission to life. Join us!
4490. bobidi : Bobidi runs SuperTalents AI, a gamified training solution to help restaurants and vendors boost sales by empowering their staff.
4491. datacurve : We generate expert quality coding data at scale for fine-tuning LLMs
4492. foundation-2 : Foundation is the buyer experience platform for homebuilders. By bringing the new home shopping, purchase, and ownership experience online, Foundation helps homebuilders sell more homes, more profitably, to happier customers.
4493. payflow : A mobile app. It allows employees to get paid whenever they want, instead of just once a month (or biweekly). We sell it to companies as an employee benefit (B2B SaaS).
4494. quantstamp : Quantstamp has protected billions in digital assets from hackers on our mission to secure web3. As a global team of security professionals, we have honed our technology and expertise through hundreds of audits and gained the trust of our clients to keep their innovative products safe. In addition to providing an array of security services, we facilitate the growth and longevity of the web3 space through strategic investments and acting as a trusted advisor to help projects scale. Quantstamp is honored to have worked with some of the top projects in the industry including Aave, Compound, Maker, OpenSea, Polygon and many more. As the leading blockchain security company in this emerging industry, we are always looking for team members that love taking initiative and solving challenging problems. Join the team and help us secure the future of web3.
4495. thrive-agritech : Thrive Agritech designs and manufactures advanced lighting fixtures for indoor agriculture. We have a patent pending LED lighting system that precisely targets various photosynthetic spectrums. Many thousands of our LED lighting fixtures have been installed in some of the world's leading indoor farms. Our products are saving millions of watt-hours of energy every day in vertical farms, greenhouses and cannabis production facilities. Agritech expands beyond lighting and so do we. Our R&D team is actively involved in creating advanced sensor and communications networks to work with both human and artificial intelligence to create the optimized farm of the future.
4496. twine : Twine makes sure your small business never misses a potential customer because of a missed call. We use conversational AI to engage customers over text, finding out what they need and booking them for a service.
4497. lully : At Lully, we’re building the children’s sleep company. We create innovative, thoughtfully-designed, clinically-proven consumer products to help children, and their families, sleep better. Our first product, The Sleep Guardian is the only solution for night terrors. Based on our patented, clinically-proven technology, the Sleep Guardian goes under the mattress and uses precisely-timed vibrations to avoid night terror episodes completely. The Sleep Guardian is just the initial product in a suite of smart solutions based on our process: combining a user-centric approach with a clinical understanding of sleep to solve unmet problems in children’s sleep. Based in San Francisco, Lully was founded by Dr. Andy Rink, a doctor and father, and Varun Boriah, a medical device entrepreneur. Lully was spun out of the Stanford Biodesign Fellowship and is backed by Y Combinator, Two Sigma Ventures, Stanford-StartX Fund and Highway1. We’ve partnered with Stanford Sleep and Riley Children’s Hospital in our goal to help families sleep better.
4498. forcyte-biotechnologies : In a nutshell: many diseases are caused by how much your cells squeeze (asthma, fibrosis, others). We discover drugs that control how much cells squeeze, with ease, to treat disease. We use patented bioMEMS technology to turn cell strength (cells' ability to pull/ squeeze) into a quantifiable metric in drug discovery, to help find better drugs for mechanical diseases. We screen 100,000s of drugs against numerous contractile human cell types to comprehensively map human mechanobiology (the "contractome") and identify promising drug development starting points to deliver novel medicines to treat mechanically-driven diseases including asthma, hypertension, preterm labor, fibrosis, and others.
4499. xgenomes : At XGenomes, we are building a technology comprising novel biochemistry, hardware and algorithms for sequencing DNA. Our product will be streamlined: there is zero library preparation; we sequence directly on unadulterated single molecules of DNA; DNA extraction will be integrated with sequencing; there is no bioinformatics bottleneck. The sequence we produce will be of unprecedented accuracy due to several layers of in-built redundancy including the sequencing both strands of the double-helix concurrently. The sequence we produce will be complete, encompassing: structural as well as single nucleotide variants; long-range haplotype phase; the repetitive "dark matter" of the genome. The cost of goods (consumables) of sequencing will be <$10, which will allow us to price our product at a level that will help grow the market while still achieving >90% margin. We will start by offering access as a service to high value customers, which be followed by a razor and blade model of selling instruments and consumables.
4500. lamar-health : $1 T is spent today on back office tasks such as patient triaging, intake, eligibility checks, prior auths and claims. Specialized knowledge is required to complete these tasks making them prone to errors and bottlenecked by staffing. Lamar Health takes the burden off of providers and intelligently automates these tasks. Starting with specialty medications.
4501. dashlabs-ai : We write software for diagnostic laboratories. We provide the following: - Cashier system - Booking system - Integration with clinical medical instruments (hematology analyzers, chemistry analyzers) - Integration with imaging equipment (DICOM enabled x-rays, ultrasounds) - Automatic generation of test results - Secure sharing of test results with employers and manpower agencies (to help them meet country-specific regulatory requirements)
4502. hoss : Hoss is a developer experience platform that gives teams the essential tools they need to deliver a world-class customer experience. API-driven companies like Xendit, AssemblyAI, and Zentail trust Hoss to help them better acquire, understand, and support their customers. With Hoss, teams can offer superior documentation and developer content, gain deep visibility into how customers are using their API, monitoring third-party APIs, and provide robust and customizable developer dashboards. Hoss is backed by top investors like Y Combinator, Liquid2, FundersClub, and Soma Capital.
4503. convox : Convox provides an unparalleled development and deployment platform for apps. Deploy in your own account on the cloud provider of your choice.
4504. proxino : Proxino is a cloud platform for monitoring and debugging client-side JavaScript.
4505. sudocode : sudocode lets users code in plain english, by turning technical requirements directly into code. Built by an ex-Google Brain/GoogleX engineer and an ex-Toast engineer. Join the pre-launch alpha at info@sudocode.ai
4506. paradigm : Centered around the primitive of a spreadsheet, Paradigm puts swarms of intelligent agents at your fingertips. The real power of Paradigm comes with scale: imagine having tens of thousands of interns working for you in parallel. Paradigm is 1000x faster than manual data collection, completing an average of 500 cells per minute. Join our waitlist www.paradigmai.com/join
4507. gonddo : Gonddo is a B2B wholesale marketplace that digitalizes inventories purchases for independent retailers and brings technology to modernise distribution and trade credit for SMBs in Brazil. With gonddo, retailers can find fresh products, discover new brands and easily connect with wholesalers
4508. stitch-health : Care coordination and collaboration tools for healthcare teams
4509. numida : Numida provides working capital loans to African micro businesses. Instead of borrowing from informal lenders or family, micro business owners download the Numida app, apply in minutes, and receive capital within a day. We have figured out how to score and disburse unsecured loans to cash-based businesses that have no digital transaction history, while maintaining excellent collection rates. Since 2021 we have provided $23M in working capital to 32,000 businesses in East Africa.
4510. abalone-bio : Abalone Bio developed a technology to find antibody drugs that activate and modulate cell surface receptors, the “antennae” on cells that help convert chemical signals into cellular responses, like growth. Antibodies are a growing class of drugs that have tremendous safety and efficacy advantages over small molecules; 7 of the top 10 selling drugs are antibodies, earning an average of $7B in revenue. However, antibodies- especially ones that activate and modulate cell surface receptors- are hard to find. Abalone Bio expands the playing field for antibody therapeutics and enables us to previously access treatments for untreated diseases. We have already discovered a novel antibody that activates a non-opioid receptor that produces analgesia. We are developing this antibody into a treatment for neuropathic pain – a medical condition that currently is treated with drugs like addictive opiates. The same molecule is also a potential treatment for inflammatory and fibrotic diseases, all 1B+ markets.
4511. nara : We make it easy for small and medium businesses to build an AI sales agents for their websites and social media, augmenting their sales capacity. This assistant provides personalized shopping recommendations to customers and is available 24/7 to answer their questions.
4512. benchify : Benchify is a code review tool that uncovers real bugs by rigorously testing code using methods typically restricted to rocket science and chip design.
4513. pivot : Pivot helps you visualise, analyse and model your company's financial data way faster than Excel.
4514. payable : Payable is the easiest way to manage your external workforce. By simplifying and automating onboarding, payments, and 1099 compliance, Payable consolidates disparate and manual processes, while getting contractors paid faster! Payable is backed by Freestyle Capital, Redpoint Ventures, General Catalyst, Moment Ventures, Y Combinator, and others.
4515. coursedog : Academic operating system for higher education institutions. $100m investment from JMI.
4516. pagaloop : Pagaloop helps business owners and persons in Latin America pay, get paid and extend cash flow using credit cards to finance expenses like rent, taxes, payroll and suppliers, via an extended network of relevant partnerships (federal/local governments, AMEX, HSBC, schools and universities, etc.). The Company provides a service in which a payment is made to a third party (that would typically not accept credit card as a payment method) in exchange for a fee of 4.7% (+ taxes). Additionally, Pagaloop offers payments in 3, 6, 9 or 12 months with an extremely accessible commission. All of those solutions without taking any underwriting risk, which remains at the issuer of the credit line.
4517. flower-co : We sell weed on the internet. We're a vertically integrated legal cannabis company delivering next-day in Los Angeles, Long Beach, San Francisco, East Bay, Marin, Humboldt, Sacramento, and Vallejo. We're venture-backed and growing exponentially.
4518. finflx : FinFlx makes it easier and more affordable for SME to offer defined contribution pension plans in line with local labour laws. Employers can launch a pension plan within hours instead of weeks, with fully digital employee record management, plan administration, investment selection and detailed reporting. FinFlx is the future of workplace retirement solutions in the Middle East.
4519. elucd : Elucd is a GovTech company that provides cities with near real-time understanding of how citizens feel about their government.
4520. supabase : Supabase is the easiest way to get started with Postgres. Each project within Supabase is an isolated Postgres cluster, allowing customers to scale independently, while still providing the features that you need to build: instant database setup, auth, row level security, realtime data streams, auto-generating APIs, and a simple to use web interface. We are 100% remote.
4521. srtx : SRTX builds new materials and software to enable better textiles. SRTX is best known for its first technology, Sheertex, a knit made from one of the world's strongest polymers which has disrupted hosiery through impossibly strong pantyhose.
4522. feanix-biotechnologies : Feanix is a trailblazing force in the trillion-dollar animal breeding industry. Feanix leverages proprietary genetic testing advancements to provide genetics and breeding as a service.
4523. touch-and-pay-technologies-limited : We process cash-based microtransactions across Africa's informal sector, an example of microtransaction is payment for bus rides today we help over 300k people make this payment.
4524. graffitigeo : At its core GraffitiGeo allows users to leave brief reviews of restaurants, or for those too lazy to do that, to simply leave a "thumbs up" or "thumbs down" — it's like a highly condensed version of Yelp, or a "Digg for the world". These reviews and votes can be cast from the site's iPhone app or from the service's homepage. The homepage also features a stream of the latest comments to come in from other users, as well as a profile for each restaurant in the system that includes all of its votes and comments. There's also a nifty feature that lets you view a heatmap of your current region, so you can quickly figure out the hot spots in town. The gameplay in GraffitiGeo gives you points for checking into certain locations, similar to FourSquare, but doesn't really let you do anything with them. With GraffitiGeo, you earn points for every action you take, be it voting on a restaurant or leaving a brief comment. Once you've reached a certain point threshold, you can use those points to start a "mob", which you can invite your friends to join. Mobs allow friends to pool their points, which can then be used to acquire territory, which corresponds to actual city blocks. Whenever someone votes on one of the restaurants on the block, the mob gets some street cred too. It's definitely going to be confusing at first, but it also brings a team element to gameplay.
4525. oxygen : 
4526. yemaachi-biotechnology : Yemaachi Biotech is diversifying and expanding access to precision cancer diagnostics and therapeutics by collecting and sequencing samples from all across Africa, which is the most genetically diverse population on the planet. We then use this data to either optimize existing diagnostic tests, or help other companies discover new ones. With our research activities based in Africa, we are able to leverage access to the most genetically diverse population on the planet to build a first-of-its-kind clinical and molecular knowledgebase on cancer among African people.
4527. foxpass : Foxpass increases your organization's server and network security by ensuring employee accounts have access only to what they need. Our cloud-hosted LDAP and RADIUS systems help you bring best-practices to your infrastructure. And they're backed by your existing Google Apps accounts.
4528. farmlogs : Technology that simplifies farming. Get timely, unbiased information to improve yield, eliminate waste, and maximize the profitability of every acre.
4529. inlet-2 : Inlet gets customer data into your system. B2B companies use Inlet to sync data from ERPs and other sources, connect to any API, and transform data quickly with our AI tools. Reach out: founders@getinlet.ai
4530. olaclick : OlaClick makes it easy for mass market restaurants in Latam to create a digital menu, promote it instantly with only one click and start receiving simple food orders though WhatsApp. We have +40000 restaurants in Latam and we increase their sales by 40%. contact: founders@olaclick.com
4531. gotrade : Gotrade enables anyone in the world to invest commission free in fractional US stocks.
4532. sivi : Sivi is an AI-powered English learning app. Learn English Speaking The Fastest Way (AI + Human) 😀 Practicing with AI English Tutor and Human is the fastest way to learn to speak. Try now to feel the change within a week.
4533. vocode : Open source voice AI. Check out our docs for more information: https://docs.vocode.dev
4534. mango-health : Mango Health delivers AI-powered therapy for OCD, offering personalized care that adapts to your experience, credibility backed by expert input, and complete anonymity—your data stays private. Start today at TheMangoHealth.com :)
4535. rapportive : Rapportive shows you everything about your contacts right inside your inbox. You can immediately see what people look like, where they're based, and what they do. You can establish rapport by mentioning shared interests. You can grow your network by connecting on LinkedIn. Imagine relationship management built into your email. For free.
4536. tingles : Tingles is a video platform for relaxation. It's the best place to find content that helps you relax and fall asleep. Our main focus is a video genre called ASMR, the biggest and fastest growing relaxation technique.
4537. souffle-club : We're building a LinkedIn 2.0 where user profiles are based on credible recommendations, much more curated, above and beyond schools, jobs, and a resume. Users recommend people they trust by answering questions like Who would you hack a product MVP together with over a weekend? or Who are designers you'd trust to benchmark design talent? or Who are investors that have incredible empathy for founders?, etc. We are building the trust graph of the world: who trusts whom and in what context.
4538. memamp : Better Desktop search solution.
4539. chariot : At Chariot, we're focused on creating the world's first self-sustainable mass-transit system that relieves congestion while offering a comfortable, personalized commuting experience. The core of our mission is universal access to better transportation. We envision cities where every commuter takes Chariot to work and home — regardless of income or location — which is why we prioritize affordability and flexibility as we expand. When the world runs on smarter routes, lower costs, and better ride experiences, we'll collectively take cars off the road and transform our twice-daily frustration into a part of your day you actually look forward to. Chariot + Ford Smart Mobility Ford Smart Mobility (FSM) was formed by the Ford Motor Company in 2015 to acquire and invest in innovative mobility startups and technologies. Chariot is proud to be FSM's first acquisition, making it a cornerstone of the company's mobility strategy. With all the resources and influence Ford provides, Chariot is accelerating accomplishing its Mission.
4540. volantio : Volantio is a leader in travel technology software focused on revenue and capacity optimization for airlines. Based in Atlanta, GA, Volantio partners with major airlines globally such as Qantas, Iberia, Alaska Airlines, Volaris, Jetstar Airways, Emirates, Ethiopian Airlines, Scoot-Tigerair, and others. The company’s Yana platform enables airlines to generate incremental revenue and reduce operational costs, while putting greater predictability and control back into the hands of their customers. We are backed by institutional and strategic investors from around the world including Ingleside Investors, JetBlue Technology Ventures, International Airlines Group (IAG), and Qantas Ventures.
4541. luca : Pricing Strategy is one of the most powerful levers that retailers have at their disposal to create growth, yet it is underleveraged. Most retail pricing teams settle for making decisions in spreadsheets, shooting in the dark, and working backward from a cost-plus margin target, leaving a LOT of money on the table. Our founders experienced these problems at scale when they built pricing tech at Uber that made Uber a billion dollars in profit a year. They realized that retail was lacking the same quality and sophistication of price tooling. So, they built Luca. Luca is an AI-powered co-pilot for retail operators, which constantly identifies revenue and profit headroom, makes recommendations for price adjustments and saves countless work hours along the way. Luca is backed by Y Combinator, Menlo Ventures, and others.
4542. jemi : Our mission is to help creators and entrepreneurs grow online. We do this by helping them build a beautiful website and online store with no coding or design background.
4543. onekey : Find the most profitable sites to build EV charging station
4544. senpai-gg : SenpAI.gg is a gaming coach for the 1.4 billion PC gamers globally. SenpAI.gg’s desktop application makes personalized recommendations in the game and provides post-game feedback to help gamers improve faster. It is the most comprehensive assistant that supports gamers before and during the game via Voice Assistant, or an overlay that uses computer vision. The company is Boston-based and founded by Olcay Yilmazcoban (MIT researcher & gamer) and Berk Ozer (engineer & gamer). We raised $3M seed funding (ACT Venture Partners) and we are in the Summer 2021 Batch of Y Combinator. https://senpai.gg/
4545. minusx : MinusX is a chrome extension that adds a side chat to your analytics apps (Jupyter, Metabase, Grafana, Tableau, etc). Given an instruction, our agent operates your apps - by clicking & typing, just like you do - to analyze data and answer queries. We believe an AI Data Scientist is a scientist, not yet-another-new-analytics-platform. MinusX interoperates with you in tools you already love and use, and as a matter of philosophy, gets out of the way.
4546. wingback : Wingback provides tools and APIs for SaaS pricing and packaging. We are infrastructure that allows SaaS startups to deploy any set of features of their product using any pricing model. It enables non-technical teams to implement pricing and packaging changes and execute product-led growth campaigns without engineering involvement.
4547. guggy : imwith is a the only messenger where everyone is funnier. Learn more about imwith at https://imwith.com
4548. lyra : Lyra is a crypto-native virtual card provider that allows users to easily create cards and fund them with cryptocurrency. Create virtual cards directly from your browser through our Chrome extension for all your purchases and subscriptions.
4549. amberbox-gunshot-detection : AmberBox is the most advanced indoor gunshot detection and response system used in the US today. AmberBox automates emergency processes to significantly reduce response time and remove human error. AmberBox detectors utilise a patented gunshot detection algorithm to respond immediately following a firearm discharge. With tri-factor authentication (percussion, audio and infrared), detectors are able to instantly determine a firearm signature with a near-zero false alarm rate. Upon activation, detectors alert first responders through our reporting network, and can integrate with other security systems, such as cameras, access control systems and mass notification to initiate.
4550. endla : Endla increases the value of oil & gas wells by providing software that helps design the well that maximizes ROI. Our product AlphaSpace, optimizes the well design by automatically producing many high-quality options which the engineer can then measure against their business objectives (auto-design). Having software that finds the optimal solution, empowers the engineer to work a layer up on understanding the problem and specifying the important objectives. Our vision is to make auto-design and auto-operation software part of the workflow for every engineer working with physical assets.
4551. interprime : Manage your money like a Fortune 500 company, whether you are about to IPO or still working in a garage. Dealing with financial institutions is painful. Yet it’s critical to keep your corporate cash safe & earning a reasonable rate of return. InterPrime helps you do that. InterPrime helps you 1. Keep your cash safe 2. Earn a reasonable rate of return on your money 3. Assure your investors that you will responsibly steward their capital More details at www.interprime.co
4552. swipe-technologies : Swipe is building modern modern payments, accounting and cashflow management tools for businesses. We own and operate Float, a global b2b payments platform and Accounteer - a cloud accounting and bookkeeping platform for businesses and freelancers.
4553. upbeat : Upbeat is a software-powered next-generation PR agency that focuses on media marketing for various companies. The company is a team of software engineers and PR professionals working together to bring the old-school PR industry to the modern world. Upbeat turns story ideas to into something presentable by connecting the best stories to the best storytellers. They also manage email outreach and follow-ups and keep track of pitch's progress with real-time analytics and email updates. And, its software is also an avenue to monitor media opportunities on company's behalf.
4554. mixwit : Mixwit describes itself as a combination of Slide and iTunes. While it has more ambitious plans, it currently provides an easy way to make sharable mix tapes with songs found through MP3 search engines Seeqpod and Skreamr.
4555. wireover : WireOver is a desktop application that leverages peer-to-peer technology for sending files privately. It's free and unlimited, solving an unmet need for sending large files easily. Pro accounts get incredibly strong security, with end-to-end encryption.
4556. apozy : Apozy is a browser defense platform powered by "Native Browser Isolation" technology. It neutralizes phishing, malware, and impersonation attacks in real-time by sandboxing dangerous websites at the time of click. This creates a safe "read-only" environment for browsing, even if the original website is malicious. Businesses use Apozy Airlock to protect their employees from online threats and prevent data breaches.
4557. signatur-biosciences : We make precision diagnostics more accessible, starting with breast cancer prognosis. Current tests that guide the use of therapy are really slow and expensive because they need to be run in complex centralized facilities. Our tests are designed to be easily run by local hospital labs, reducing turnaround time from over three weeks to a few days and for a fraction of the price.
4558. trainy : Goodbye Slurm, Hello Konduktor. Trainy Konduktor is a software platform for AI teams to schedule workloads with priority, control resource allocation, and improve GPU reliability. With Konduktor, teams submit jobs to a healthy pool of GPUs, assign job priority with a simple user interface, and never worry about hardware faults again.
4559. transfez : 
4560. automatic : Our Mission: To empower drivers with knowledge about themselves and their cars so they can be safer and drive smarter. We believe you shouldn’t have to buy a new car to have a better driving experience, and that the phone in your pocket can bring the future of driving to today’s automobiles. Who We Are: Automatic is based in San Francisco, but our team comes from every corner of the world. We obsess about creating beautiful and well-engineered products that make a real difference in people’s lives. We’re big on ideas, low on ego, and love working together.
4561. draftbit : We're building Draftbit to make it easier for everyone to build, launch, and iterate on mobile apps. And do it without writing code, unless you want to. Over time, we hope to make building great looking, high quality apps as easy as (or easier than?!) launching a website is now. And by doing so, we hope to democratize software development, allowing anyone to turn their idea into reality, and build it into something great.
4562. naturall-club : 
4563. swiftype : Swiftype is an Elastic company. https://blog.swiftype.com/2017/11/09/swiftype-joins-forces-with-elastic/ Swiftype App Search is now generally available. https://blog.swiftype.com/2018/05/16/app-search-now-generally-available/ Swiftype’s industry leading search platform delivers accurate, relevant and customizable search results for businesses. Swiftype’s suite of products, Site Search, App Search and Enterprise Search, have revolutionized the way people find information across their organization and on public facing websites.
4564. vaycayhero : VaycayHero takes the hassle out of booking vacation rentals. All rentals are verified, and 100% accurate, and calendars and pricing are automatically updated. This means, no surprises, ever. Search and book online hassle-free, or chat with a booking concierge if you need help. VaycayHero has vacation rentals in major vacation destinations in the US and Mexico. It built a travel hub platform to distribute the rentals to multiple channels including Vaycayhero.com and powered many marketplaces to provide a hassle-free booking experience.
4565. mozart-data : Mozart Data provides an out-of-the-box modern data stack that empowers anyone to easily consolidate, organize, and prepare their data for analysis. Spin up a data stack that’s built on a best-in-class data warehouse and ETL tool in hours, without any engineering. You can finally spend more time on generating insights and less time wrangling your data.
4566. offdeal : OffDeal is an AI-native investment bank, offering small business owners a faster, cheaper way to sell their companies at premium prices. Our AI technology automates most of the grunt work typically done by analysts at larger Wall Street banks, enabling our in-house M&A advisors to focus more on strategic client interactions, leading to better outcomes for both sellers and buyers.
4567. dolarapp : DolarApp lets people in LatAm (currently Mexico, Argentina and Colombia) dollarize their everyday finances. Users can go from peso to dollar USDc (and back) in seconds, save in USDc, send and receive payments in the United States without the hassle, top up their accounts with crypto and pay with an international Mastercard at the best rates. DolarApp was started by 3 ex Revolut guys: Fernando and Alvaro led the 2 largest P&Ls in Revolut (Crypto and Subscriptions), and worked in LatAm as consultants for BCG; Zach led the Crypto and Remittances products at Revolut, and started an identity verification startup using crypto years ago.
4568. cloudkick : Cloudkick is system to manage cloud servers, such as the Rackspace Cloud and Amazon's EC2. Cloudkick provides an easy to use monitoring/alerting solution to support your production infrastructure on the cloud. Cloudkick also gives you a window into your cloud deployment by providing detailed graphs on the health of your servers, and tools to categorize and keep information about what each server is doing. Cloudkick's mission is to make cloud servers easy to use, where ever the customer needs them.
4569. koduco : Koduco makes iPad games that focus on multiplayer collaboration on the same device.
4570. send : SEND is a digital freight forwarder and customs broker for Africa. We manage the entire process of shipping cargo by air or by sea, including the documentation, customs process, delivery to the warehouse and trade financing.
4571. upverter : Upverter is social making. The best way to collaborate with others. Discover, share and work on hardware. Unlike existing design tools, which are isolated and single user, Upverter is highly integrated, inherently collaborative and accessible anywhere in the world. With Upverter design teams, contract designers and grassroots innovators are leveraging existing design content and focus on building next generation hardware instead of wasting time duplicating work, sourcing parts or dealing with manufacturers.
4572. firstquadrant : Turn B2B sales into a fully scalable and fully autonomous system with artificial intelligence. FirstQuadrant encompasses a complete suite of AI tools for inbound, outbound, and nurturing sales, ensuring a unified approach to relationship management.
4573. glider : Glider brings clarity and workflow to the deal process. From large, publicly traded companies to small, growing businesses, Glider is helping industry leaders maintain focus on their businesses rather than babysitting contracts. The company is based in beautiful Portland, Oregon, and is backed by True Ventures, TechStars, and a handful of first-class angel investors.
4574. gojom : GoJom is a One Stop Shop for Real Estate Solutions. It’s technology creates a faster and easier way to buy, sell and rent properties in LaTam.
4575. booktrope : ** NO LONGER IN BUSINESS ** Booktrope is reinventing the way books are published. We are not a self-publishing operation. What does that mean? At Booktrope we do not charge authors to publish nor do we accept all submissions. We have pioneered a concept called “Team Publishing” which addresses the way books are actually developed, not just the way they are distributed and read. We offer print, ebook, and web versions of all our books, in other words, we are format agnostic. We don’t want to debate the death of print books, or the birth of ebooks, we love and support them all. A typical Publishing Team consists of an author, editor, designer and business/marketing manager for the book. You don’t get assigned projects in our system; you choose the people you work with. We work much more quickly than traditional publishers, taking advantage of new technologies to streamline the process of getting books into the hands of readers. Lastly, we use that same technology to keep overhead low, and we think that the bulk of the revenue from book sales should go back to the creative team that makes them happen.
4576. delphia : Delphia believes data is the key to capital formation and economic empowerment. We build products that incentivize the contribution of proprietary data in order to generate an edge in financial markets. We believe that actively managing people’s data can unlock new forms of wealth creation for individual and institutional investors alike.
4577. terusama : We help warehouses schedule trucks.
4578. mayhem : Acquired by Niantic in 2020. Automatic game tracking, real-time leaderboards, and global chat built into every community event.
4579. pinch : Pinch is a video conferencing platform that delivers split-second translation with synchronized lip movements and natural expressions, so you can conduct calls and webinars in 20+ languages and appear as a native speaker. Pinch creates an AI version of you in real-time, with a focus on presenting you accurately and professionally. Unlock new markets and authentic connections — join Pinch!
4580. parahelp : Parahelp is an AI support agent for software companies. Unlike other chatbots, Parahelp can resolve complex support tickets end-to-end, such as troubleshooting product issues and managing subscriptions, by following your policies and using your existing knowledge base, tools (like Stripe, Slack, and Linear), and API endpoints.
4581. gigster : Gigster is democratizing access to software by enabling organizations harness the best teams regardless of where they are in the world. Businesses with access to custom software have thousands of times more leverage than those without. We believe that by democratizing access as well as the ability to build great software we can increase the pace and efficiency of human advancement. Core to our approach is building the best place to work on the internet. We are building the largest network of exceptional engineers, designers, and product managers and making this network available to businesses. We are also using software and insights from thousands of projects to improve the odds of successful outcomes. Gigster is backed by Andreessen Horowitz, Redpoint, Marc Benioff, Adam D'Angelo, Michael Jordan and others. Gigster has served well over 1000 customers including multiple F100 companies spanning a range of industries.
4582. homejoy : Homejoy believes everyone deserves a happy home. With just a few clicks, Homejoy will match you with an interviewed, background-checked and tested professional cleaner who maintains high customer ratings. Homejoy makes a sparkling home an affordable reality for many hard-working individuals. Founded by brother-sister duo Aaron and Adora Cheung, the Homejoy team includes long-time veterans of the hospitality industry and former owners of large cleaning companies. Head to homejoy.com now to view our range of programs and click through to a convenient, trusted, and affordable cleaning.
4583. karbon-card : We at Karbon Cards provide corporate credit cards, vendor payment solutions and forex outward remittance products to Indian companies. We partners with banks and other FI's to provide comprehensive spend management and working capital solutions. Companies qualify for credit via a liberalized startup friendly underwriting process. For those do not qualify, we provide payments option where companies can top up and use card/vendor payment solutions.
4584. isono-health : The iSono Health platform combines automated 3D ultrasound technology with cloud computation and artificial intelligence to empower women and their physicians with early detection and monitoring of breast cancer. Our patented compact ultrasound scanner captures 3D images through automatic scanning of whole breast volume in 1 min. The device connects to a smartphone/tablet/laptop and is controlled by our mobile app. The data is transferred to a secure cloud for image processing and storage. Our machine learning algorithm uses acoustic biomarkers to identify abnormal masses. Our platform’s automated operation and software expands ultrasound use in point-of-care diagnostics as well as monitoring of breast health at home, walk-in and mobile clinics. iSono Health offers women and healthcare providers : Safety: No Radiation Actionable Feedback with AI Fast: 2min Scan Easy to Use
4585. careoasis : 
4586. traversal-networks : Traversal Networks develops a new form of Network Intrusion Detection System designed to catch unknown threats. The Lateral Threat Detector appliances are easily installed on your corporate network. These analyst-assisted sensors learn traffic patterns on each of your network segments and detect lateral exploitation, backdoors, bots, malware, and network reconnaissance. The Traversal Networks operate on four different platforms: learn, reputation, machine learning and search. Traversal Networks has developed heuristics using a corpus of live network data combined with expertise in botnet detection to help filter traffic. Additionally, Traversal Networks uses IP and DNS reputation across all its deployed devices to detect new threats. The Lateral Threat Detector appliances utilize reinforcement learning to continually enhance filtering performance on each network segment, and submit prefix-preserving anonymized data to our cloud making it available to be quickly searched in real time. The Traversal Cloud Analysis platform was designed to enable its security analysts to quickly pivot on anomalous traffic seen across its network and classify it as malicious or benign.
4587. airmada : Airmada Inc. was founded out of MIT by Dan Danay. The mission of the company is to revolutionize commercial drone services by enabling efficient and reliable drone use for commercial and industrial purposes. Airmada designs and builds automated ground stations for drones. Our stations protect the drone, replace its batteries and launch missions. Airmada deploys these ground stations on mission sites to capture data, routinely and on-demand, operating drones autonomously and remotely.
4588. agape : Agapé is a relationship wellness app that helps you feel close to your friends, family, or partner, even when apart! We curate daily questions to spark meaningful conversations for over 2 million people around the world.
4589. supr-daily : Supr Daily is a daily grocery delivery service in India. We use daily milk subscriptions as a railroad to reduce the last-mile delivery costs by 10x. We leverage this as a 'Trojan Cow' to deliver all groceries to your doorstep by 7 am, daily. At it's peak, we scaled the company to $100M annual revenue run rate with a presence in 6 cities serving 200k+ orders daily. We were part of the Winter 17 batch of Y Combinator and were later acquired by Swiggy.
4590. blitz-esports : Blitz Esports is a tech and media startup focused on bridging the gap between esports fandom and personal gameplay. We're one of the premier media publications in esports, specializing in educational video content for League of Legends, CS:GO and Overwatch. We've also developed the first fully automatic League of Legends coaching app, which uses computer vision and data-driven insights to proactively help gamers make better decisions at each step of their gameplay experience. A month into open beta, the Blitz app is now used in over a million games each week.
4591. project-wedding : Finding wedding vendors is hard. In 2007, a couple started Project Wedding to tackle this problem and eventually grew it into a full-featured wedding planning site. Now part of the WeddingWire Network, Project Wedding strives to make wedding planning easier, less stressful, and more fun! Over 1 million brides come to Project Wedding monthly to interact with our supportive community and to read our curated editorial content. We know that today's weddings are all about showing off personal style with creative elements, gorgeous color palettes, and unique details. We also know that the contemporary bride is incredibly busy and wants to take care of all of her wedding planning needs in one spot. Enter Project Wedding!
4592. social-construct : Social Construct is inventing new processes and technologies to assemble high quality apartment buildings for faster and for less--so we can all afford to live in places we love.
4593. solstar : SolStar makes it possible for anyone to use crypto—even your grandpa! All you need to get started is a credit card. Skip the confusing steps above and dive in right away with a secure, approachable tool that makes crypto fun. You can add SolStar Tip Bot to your Discord, check your balance, and send a tip to a friend all within a few minutes.
4594. pomello : Pomello maps your organizational culture on a team-by-team basis, and integrates with your existing recruiting process to allow you to find the candidates most likely to thrive within your organization. Founded at Stanford University, Pomello’s technology is based on 30 years of research in Organizational Behavior, which has been validated over time across multiple industries.
4595. boostable : Boostable makes advertising easy for sellers and brands on marketplaces. We grow marketplaces by helping their sellers advertise their listings and gather insights. Boostable is a YCombinator company based in San Francisco and funded by SVAngel, 500 Startups and others.
4596. celery : Celery emerged from Y Combinator in 2012 with one goal: to help you sell your great ideas, better. Filling a void in e-commerce, Celery has become the single-stop for innovative brands – large and small – to take pre-orders, crowdfund independently, and to continue selling before and after items are in-stock. Today, Celery has helped thousands of businesses launch their way by providing the tools to crowdfund and pre-sell independently. Celery is founded by a team crowdfunding and e-commerce experts and alums from MIT, Stanford, Groupon, LinkedIn and Foursquare, and is venture-backed by Y Combinator, General Catalyst, Elementum Ventures, Max Levchin, SV Angel, and other top investors.
4597. teleborder : Teleborder helps companies hire, manage and retain international employees. Our software platform enables companies to manage immigration, reporting, and compliance all in one place, and our network of providers deliver related services through our platform. Our customers range from small startups to large corporations, and our investors include Y Combinator, Khosla Ventures, IDG, and others.
4598. worklife : WorkLife is a web app that helps teams have more productive meetings. There are over 3 Billion meetings/year in the U.S. and studies show 50% of that time is completely wasted. WorkLife helps you reclaim that time by helping you and your team adopt good meeting habits - create agendas, stay on track during the meeting, and ensure next steps get done afterwards. Most people spend the majority of their waking hours at work, and way too many of those hours in unproductive meetings. Your work life is a big portion of your life -- and the happier and more productive you are at work, the more fulfilled and energized you are in your life. Better Work = Better Life.
4599. starcity : Starcity was one of the largest co-living brands. Exit to Common in 2021.
4600. hiptype : Hiptype brings analytics and targeted advertising capabilities to the most popular eBook platforms, where these powerful features have never before been possible. Hiptype's patent-pending plugin for books captures demographic and book performance data that can be used to power in-book targeted advertising and automated book marketing campaign optimizations. Hiptype's founding team has previously designed and engineered products at Google, Turntable.fm, and mobile advertising platform Chartboost.
4601. fuell : Fuell is a leading Expense Management solution that modernizes finance for SMEs by merging software and intelligent corporate cards into a single, unified platform.
4602. sixfold-bioscience : Sixfold is focused on the commercialisation of its patented drug delivery systems for RNA therapeutics such as siRNAs for gene silencing and mRNAs for gene expression.
4603. dataform : Dataform helps data teams build, version control, and deploy SQL pipelines in their data warehouse. Acquired by Google Cloud in December 2020.
4604. saida : We're making a bank account that lets you easily separate, spend and track money. Just like houses have different rooms for different uses, our account lets you have dedicated pockets of money within your account for different uses.
4605. exly : Exly is an all-in-one business platform built for knowledge businesses, coaches, trainers and creators to launch, manage and market their products (courses, webinars, ecommunities, 1:1 consultations and workshops).
4606. zorba : Zorba is a real estate sales AI copilot, powered by proprietary vertical data, designed to help sales and customer success teams grow their client base and improve retention. It's used and trusted by both Fortune 500 and mid-market firms. With a multi-layered, LLM-driven engine, we’ve built a proprietary dataset of consolidated real estate entities, delivering real-time insights tailored specifically for the industry. Think Apollo or ZoomInfo, but AI-first and driven by real estate data
4607. the-rumie-initiative : We're a non-profit tech startup with a mission to bring the surge of free learning content available online to communities least likely to access it but with the most to gain. One billion children worldwide lack access to a quality education. A problem this big requires a new way of thinking about things. Rumie innovates with technology to lower the cost of learning resources. We find and organize the best free learning content online on the LearnCloud, and deliver libraries of it to offline communities on low-cost tablets. Our vision is to lead a movement of people working to make education affordable. Join us!
4608. avoca : We specialize in voice and can close customers across every channel 24/7.
4609. birdie : Birdie supercharges your sales team’s outreach productivity on LinkedIn. We do this by automating outreach workflows and providing comprehensive activity analytics. We help individual sales reps save time, while also helping sales managers get full visibility into their LinkedIn outreach efforts.
4610. devcolor : dev/color is a non-profit organization that aims to maximize the impact of Black software engineers. Our mission is to provide Black engineers with the connections and skills needed to start and stay in the industry, and advance into leadership roles. We’re a community for software engineers, by software engineers. We work with members throughout their careers, from college to industry, through mentorship, goal setting and events.
4611. paycaddy : PayCaddy enables Latam companies to launch financial products with an API based platform. Rather than building fintech from scratch, or dealing with a legacy bank, companies can use PayCaddy to open digital wallets with KYC checks, automate online payments, and issue personalized debit and prepaid cards for customers or employees.
4612. safely-finance : Safely Finance (YCS19) is a pay-over-time solution for moving and renting. We remove price as a barrier to leasing for renters. We increase NOI and decrease bad debt for properties. Safely Finance embeds directly in moving and renting experiences with easy-to-integrate options via widget, API, or property management solution.
4613. jamiphy : Jamiphy is the destination for live music. All you have to do is watch, engage with what you like, skip what you don't, and you'll find an endless stream of live music that feels personalized just for you. We make it easy for you to discover and create your own live music videos by providing easy-to-use tools to view and capture your greatest musical moments. Take your videos to the next level with Jamiphy!
4614. heroku : Heroku, a Salesforce company and industry pioneer in platform as a service (PaaS), enables developers to build and run applications entirely in the cloud. Heroku provides companies from startups to Fortune 500 enterprises with a faster and more effective way to create, deploy, and manage apps. Heroku operates the world’s largest PaaS, continuously delivering millions of apps with 6+ million container deployments, 60+ billion routing requests, and 10+ terabytes of application logs per day.
4615. kivo-health : Kivo Health provides telehealth rehab for chronic lung disease patients. We offer an 8-week clinical program led by a live therapist, which saves payers $6,000 per patient. Only 3% of eligible patients are getting this life-changing therapy right now.
4616. accept-inc : In a transaction powered by Board, sellers and agents are doing business with Board -- not the buyer. We act as an intermediary buyer of a home, using our cash to buy homes for the 80% of homebuyers who need and qualify for a mortgage. By removing the lender from real estate transactions, sellers and agents to close in as little as 2-3 days and buyers can lock-in their homes of choice at the best possible price before closing on their mortgage. With Board, buyers can "Buy Now. Mortgage Later" so everyone can have a cash deal. We differentiate ourselves from others in the "iBuyer" market by allowing anyone to have an all cash deal as opposed to buying, fixing and flipping properties for ourselves (e.g. Opendoor, OfferPad...etc). Board works directly with national lenders to evaluate the creditworthiness of buyers upfront and will use a short term credit facility to facilitate the purchasing of homes.
4617. eligible : Eligible is the nation's first insurance billing platform built for builders. Founded in Mountain View California in 2011, Eligible's platform gives bootstrapping healthcare startups the scale of enterprise, and the Fortune 500s the agility of the hungry entrepreneur. Eligible has been listed as one of Business Insider’s 19 Hottest Startups to Watch and Katelyn has been featured in Forbes 30 Under 30 in Healthcare, Fast Company's Most Creative People in Business, and was named a Rising Star of Healthcare by Becker’s IT & CIO Review.
4618. convex : 
4619. lofty : Lofty is a marketplace that let's anyone sell a house to investors online. Instead of the typical real estate transaction where one seller sells to one buyer, Lofty is much more flexible. Sellers fractionalize their equity ownership in the property into smaller units, so that anyone can buy a portion for as little as $50, allowing access to one of the best asset classes for people who have previously been locked out. Sellers can also sell a portion of their equity (starting at just 10%) instead of the entire property or create customized HELOC structures. Investors can browse a variety of individual real estate properties ranging from commercial strip malls, a HELOC in someone's house, Airbnbs, to a single-family rental properties, and directly purchase ownership in these properties in under 5 minutes. There is no lockup period. Users can constantly trade these ownerships with others on the marketplace. Investors truly legally own the properties they invested in and co-manage it with other investors through an online governance program. Owners have so far voted on how to handle various repairs, delinquent tenants, the sale of the underlying property, and much more. Lofty never custodies or handles user funds or assets. Through smart-contracts on the blockchain, all transactions are directly peer-to-peer. If we succeed, we'll have built the NASDAQ for real estate and transformed how real estate is bought and sold in the USA.
4620. checkars : Checkars removes the hassle and lack of trust from used-car transactions. With over 1000 transactions in first 18 months and NPS >85, we are confident we are offering customer the best possible experience to buy or finance a car.
4621. thinair : At ThinAir They are building the future of data security--and it's wrought with exciting engineering challenges! As a cloud-based SaaS product, ThinAir is the first data security solution that allows everyone—administrators and employees alike—to take control over their most sensitive data in a way that enhances, not hinders their productivity. They were the 2014 DEMO Enterprise's DEMOGod Winner and they completed Y Combinator as part of W15.
4622. skyways : 
4623. nirva : Nirva is an evidence-based, traditional and complementary medicine (T&CM) brand offering treatment programs for chronic conditions in the US and the UK. Our approach combines natural, holistic, side-effect-free methods, including personalized diets, one-on-one yoga, health coaching, and supplements designed by experts trained in traditional and modern medicine.
4624. fountain9 : Fountain9 is a predictive inventory planning solution. We help food brands and retailers reduce food wastage and improve product availability by predicting their future inventory needs. Food wastage is a global problem that has both financial and environmental costs. An estimated $1.3 Bn tonnes of food is wasted every year and 7 - 15% of that is because of mismanaged inventory. We accurately predict future inventory imbalances which lead to out of stock situations or wastage, and also recommends best ways of minimising their impact. Our state of the art demand sensing and pricing engine takes into account several factors like historical sales trends, seasonality, holidays, markdown events and pricing changes to predict future inventory requirements and optimize prices. Predicted inventory demand is also aligned with supply side data to identify ideal suppliers and replenishment quantities that minimize chances of stock outs or inventory wastage.
4625. aisupervision : We make the operating system to track, manage and improve production in factories with many workers. We automate what the best supervisors would do if they watched everything that’s happening inside your factory.
4626. atlas-3 : 
4627. renderlet : renderlet is a framework that makes it easy to develop interactive applications. Building applications with high-performance graphics is very hard – existing tools are cumbersome and aren’t truly platform agnostic, leading to frequent rework. With renderlet, developers can write high-level code to describe 2D and 3D graphics without having to use low-level, platform-specific APIs. renderlet automatically compiles graphics code to WebAssembly and embeds a portable rendering engine inside any app, enabling graphics to safely and automatically render on any platform’s GPU. Our runtime is open-source: https://github.com/renderlet/wander
4628. adthrow : 
4629. assorted-bits : 
4630. flowdash : Flowdash makes it easy to build semi-automated workflows with no code. We recognize that many business processes today simply can't be fully automated and require human intuition. But there's no reason they need to be fully manual either. With Flowdash, teams can build custom tools to manage their internal processes, leveraging automation where it makes sense, and weaving in human intuition when needed.
4631. easol : Easol is the all-in-one platform for managing your entire experience business, on your terms. Sell directly on your own website with smart booking, payment, and marketing tools that all work together, brilliantly. We believe that with the right tools, anyone can turn their passion into an empire. So we made them – and brought them together to work in sync, all in one place. We call it Experience Commerce. It's e-commerce specially designed for selling experiences and especially designed for experience creators.
4632. karmen : Karmen is an AI assistant for construction project managers. We integrate with their emails, project management software and ERPs to automate admin tasks like invoice processing and approvals. One construction company we are working with faced a project delay cost of around $50,000 a day from an invoicing mistake. Supplier management issues like these account for 20% of project delays.
4633. windsor : Windsor brings AI and deepfake tech to video personalization. We create personalized videos at scale - where someone can record a single video of themselves talking to a camera, and then send millions of these to customers with unique names, at unique companies and different locations around the globe. Each video will look and sound like it was personally recorded.
4634. glimpse : Deeply engage groups of 4 to 400,000 through 1-on-1 video chats. Match back to back for round-robin chats or use typed rooms for enhanced pairings. Play games, take pictures, and more!
4635. assembly : Crowdfunding has fueled an increase in innovative product companies turning to Chinese factories for production. Yet, Chinese factories seem undifferentiated because they all make the same, unverifiable claims of excellence. This results in competition centered on price. Factories are forced to under-bid contracts to win business, but often, they later surprise the customer with quality problems and delays. This process is broken. We install cameras and remote monitoring software on the assembly line, and this ensures compliance with test protocol, improves quality, reduces liability, and helps fight warranty fraud. We charge a nominal per-unit fee to the OEM and revenue share with the factory when they demonstrate compliance with quality standards (whether units pass or fail). It encourages better behavior from factories and rewards those who perform with an audit trail of good performance that helps them win new foreign business. On average, defect rate will fall 75% within 5 months of deploying Assembly at a factory.
4636. roundtable : Roundtable uses behavioral signals to detect bots and fraudulent actors, helping platforms safeguard trust while automating fraud prevention workflows
4637. ridecell : Ridecell is leading the way in the digital transformation of fleet businesses and operations. Our Fleet Automation and Mobility solutions modernize and monetize fleets by combining data insights with digital vehicle control to turn today’s manual processes into automated workflows. The result is unmatched levels of efficiency and control for leasing, rental, government, commercial and shared fleets. Today Ridecell powers some of the most successful fleet businesses and the leading government fleets in cities across Europe and North America. Our customers and partners include: Penske - the largest truck fleet in America with 400,000 trucks Mobility fleets for Toyota, Ford, Daimler, BMW - - the largest OEMs in the world and BNP Paribas, Arval: 1,500,000 vehicles, the 2nd largest fleet in Europe And the largest government fleets in the world including San Francisco, New York City, the Belgian Government Our platform makes these businesses more intelligent, accessible, efficient and safer by connecting and automating the core technology pillars including vehicle technology like telematics, camera and ADAS system, and enterprise platforms including CRM, commerce and finance systems. Ridecell is headquartered in San Francisco, California with offices in Madrid, Paris, Berlin and Pune, India.
4638. boardcave : The one stop shop for surfers. Boardcave provides surfers with online surf knowledge and gear to accelerate their surfing. The company is reimagining how surfers progress and partake in ocean activities.
4639. abacum : Abacum, is a SaaS platform, which makes is it easy for finance teams to use real-time data, generate reports and collaborate. We have been defined as the notion for finance.
4640. drive-pulse : Drive Pulse is an innovative new device & iPhone app to manage & monitor your cars when you can't be there. Your Drive Pulse plugs into your car's data port in seconds. Every car built after 1996 has an OBD-II data port under the dash. Plug in your Drive Pulse, install the app, and get started in just a few minutes. Drive Pulse is always on and stays connected thanks to cellular technology and a data plan, similar to the one you have for your smartphone. As long as your car is in an area with adequate T-Mobile data coverage, you can enjoy the peace of mind knowing that your car is safe.
4641. arcus : Payments-as-a-service (“PaaS”) platform that enables any business to launch and offer innovative payment solutions across LatAm. Our mission is to make payments possible for everyone. We strive to improve people’s financial health by helping our clients empower their users, giving them a better way to manage their payments. The world’s largest and most innovative companies choose Arcus to accept and process payments across the Americas including BBVA, Santander, Walmart, 7-Eleven, and Rappi. Arcus was launched in 2013 through Y-Combinator and is backed by Ignia, Citi Ventures, Softbank, Initialized Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Kapor Capital, among others.
4642. democracyos : DemocracyOS is an online space for deliberation and voting on political proposals. It is a platform for a more open and participatory government.The software aims to stimulate better arguments and come to better rulings, as peers.
4643. koala-ops : We make running services on Kubernetes as easy as Heroku, but on your cloud and with all the flexibility and power of Kubernetes. Companies use Koala so that they don't have to hire dedicated infrastructure engineers. Although 50-70% of organizations have already adopted Kubernetes, most developers agree that it is too complex and difficult to manage. It is intended to be extremely flexible in order to solve pretty much everyone’s needs, but it can take a ton of work and many auxiliary tools to get there. As companies grow, they spend a lot on DevOps or Platform Engineers that try to reduce the burden on developers by gluing together all the 3p tools via custom internal tools. We are building an “internal developer platform” out of the box, with best practices and golden paths for building and operating services on Kubernetes. We do the research on the latest and greatest tools in the extremely vibrant ecosystem, and automatically integrate for you the tools you want to use. We operate on our customers code and in your Cloud environment, so they never locked in and never restricted, as is common with classic PaaS offerings. If you prefer a fully hosted environment like Heroku, Fly or Vercel, we’ll host a cluster for you and offer you a one-click migration to your own cluster when you want.
4644. hermes-robotics : 
4645. zerostorefront : We connect applications to drive more orders and better customer experiences for restaurants. The typical restaurant now uses more than two dozen different applications to run their business. Specifically, we connect, warehouse and route the data to improve analytics, marketing, operations and finance. Our customers include brands like Frank Pepe’s, Halal Guys, Wings Over and more.
4646. tienda-crypto : Tienda Dólar is the best way for Latin American people to protect their savings
4647. passage : Passage is a co-pilot for the customs brokering space. Today, companies employ entire teams of customs brokers and entry writers who spend hours keying in data and corresponding with clients. With our co-pilot, we plan to streamline this tedious data entry work, and email correspondence, making compliance teams significantly more efficient
4648. 500friends : Merkle Loyalty Solutions, formerly 500friends, is a leader in customer loyalty marketing solutions. Clients depend on us to help them develop and execute a differentiated and impactful customer loyalty strategy that delivers the business results they expect. Merkle Loyalty Solutions is recognized by Forrester Research as a Strong Performer in The Forrester Wave™: Customer Loyalty Solutions, Q3 2017, and as a Leader and received the highest overall score in The Forrester Wave™: Customer Loyalty Solutions For Midsize Organizations, Q1 2016. The end-to-end loyalty services Merkle Loyalty Solutions offer include: - Strategic consulting - SaaS loyalty platform named LoyaltyPlus™ - Platform integration - Program management and support - Advanced analytics Merkle is a leading data-driven, technology-enabled, global performance marketing agency that specializes in the delivery of unique, personalized customer experiences across platforms and devices. The agency’s heritage in data, technology, and analytics forms the foundation for its unmatched skills in understanding consumer insights that drive people-based marketing strategies. With more than 4,100 employees, the Merkle team is based in Columbia, MD, with 16 additional offices in the US and 8 offices in Europe and Asia. In 2016, the agency joined the Dentsu Aegis Network. Learn more about Merkle Loyalty Solutions at www.500friends.com. --- We're hiring! Please check out our openings at: www.500friends.com/who-we-are/careers
4649. ampup : AmpUp provides the simplicity and reliability enabled Tesla experience EV charging solution in private commercial locations where vehicle dwell times are 6 hours and longer; EG, workplaces, MUDs, and fleet depots. Within 2 years, it achieved 8th in ranking in market share in the commercial level 2 charging sector in the US. AmpUp is growing even faster now with their dominant growth channel in the commercial lighting vertical set to take off at the end of 2023 and early 2024.
4650. dropbox : Dropbox is building the world’s first smart workspace. Back in 2007, making work better for people meant designing a simpler way to keep files in sync. Today, it means designing products that reduce busywork so you can focus on the work that matters. Most “productivity tools” get in your way. They constantly ping, distract, and disrupt your team’s flow, so you spend your days switching between apps and tracking down feedback. It’s busywork, not the meaningful stuff. We want to change this. We believe there’s a more enlightened way to work. Dropbox helps people be organized, stay focused, and get in sync with their teams.
4651. andon-labs : 
4652. seer : Seer helps retail salespeople create and send personalized shoppable Lookbooks to their customers via email and sms.
4653. jumpcut : We help aspiring creators go viral and monetize their content.
4654. in-your-corner : In Your Corner is a marketplace for online counseling and coaching services. Through a secure, HIPAA-compliant platform, our service connects users with a carefully curated team of wellness professionals. By conducting online consultations via video chat, written journals, and even texting sessions, we have transformed traditional therapy into an experience that is low-cost, convenient, and completely confidential. Everyone can benefit from an objective perspective during difficult times, but the current model for supportive services is broken due to insurance gridlock, a clunky referral system, long wait times and unsustainable costs. Our web-based approach offers valuable guidance through accessible and anonymous means. Users log in to secure accounts and speak with licensed professionals on a variety of topics—relationship conflict, job stress, etc.—from anywhere at any time. With our proprietary technology, we have removed every barrier to entry and created an outlet for millions who wouldn’t have sought emotional health services otherwise, reducing stress for an increasingly stressed-out generation. This is the future of mental health. The shift in moving counseling services online is inevitable and our product is already in demand: After a successful pilot with Pretty Padded Room, an online therapy website specifically targeted towards millennial women, we are excited to relaunch as In Your Corner, an aspirational brand that provides the very best in counseling, coaching, and calm. In Your Corner improves on our original offering by being more gender-inclusive and convenient. In addition to developing a mobile app to provide one-tap, on-demand support in real time, users also have access not only to licensed mental health counselors, but also coaches in personal and professional development as well as instructors of meditation and breath work.
4655. flinto : Send money to friends, pay at merchants, and take care of your bills through your phone, even without a bank account.
4656. agendapro : AgendaPro is building Shopify for Beauty and Wellness businesses in Latam. We allow business owners to charge their customers online and easily schedule appointments.
4657. mahaana-wealth : Pakistan has 401K style schemes for retirement but only 0.02% people have retirement accounts. Previously unallowed, Digital onboarding & KYC was adopted by the regulator in late 2021. We are the first & only licensed digital investment advisor and looking to take advantage of this regulatory tailwind. We are now licensed to create our own retirement funds & ETFs just like Vanguard
4658. fivestars : Fivestars is a leading payment and customer loyalty platform for small local businesses. Our mission is to help businesses and communities thrive by turning every transaction into a relationship. Since launching in 2011, Fivestars has become a rewarding platform with 60 million users discovering and driving sales to 14,000+ small businesses. We help drive over $3 billion in local sales per year. More than 1 million people sign up monthly to support the local businesses that make our neighborhoods great. The company is backed by Lightspeed, DCM, Menlo Ventures, HarbourVest, and others. Together, let’s #LoveLocal. Visit www.fivestars.com for more information.
4659. ares-industries : 
4660. grin : A micromobility and payments company focused in Latin America with operations in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, Chile, Uruguay, Argentina and Peru
4661. remind : Remind is a communication platform that helps every student succeed. Founded in 2011, Remind allows school and district administrators to reach and engage with their communities and connects educators and families with the tools that help them teach and learn.
4662. releaf-earth : Releaf Earth is a climate tech startup pioneering carbon removal and agricultural solutions leveraging biochar (BCR). Expanding from our roots in food processing technology, we now specialize in producing premium biochar from palm kernel shells. Biochar Carbon Removal (BCR) is a powerful tool for carbon sequestration and a key technology for economic development in Africa. African farmers already experience a 150% global mean temperature rise from a climate crisis they didn’t cause. Releaf's mission is to empower rural communities with improved productivity, crop yields, and a role in achieving Net Zero Emissions.
4663. muse : Muse allows anyone to transform their static website into a virtual world. We do this through our no-code editor,. Our websites are quickly replacing traditional personal websites commonly built using Shopify, Squarespace, or Wix.
4664. markhor : Markhor's leather footwear and accessories are handcrafted by some of the most skilled artisans in the subcontinent.
4665. mission-100 : Teachers across the country are working daily to improve their practice in order to help their students grow. Research has proven that observation of those who are experts in their craft (teaching and otherwise) leads to more efficient and effective growth. At Mission 100% they do the hard work for school leaders and instructional coaches, traveling around the country and identifying those experts in all content areas, grades K-12. They film their classrooms and then edit that footage down into short, targeted clips that name and spotlight exactly what they're doing to get results. These clips are aligned to a framework that makes it easy for school leaders and instructional coaches to search and find the exact clips that will best support them in developing their teachers. Next, they further curate the library to build collections of clips, targeting specific skills and providing on-demand development using real teachers from actual classrooms.
4666. rome : Rome is building a freight marketplace for truck drivers to find work, receive payments, and manage their business. Today, Rome helps 80+ drivers earn up to 40% more by accessing 10x more loads through scraping brokers/shippers. We’re looking to become the platform for all truck drivers and eventually own the layer between drivers and shippers.
4667. studystream : StudyStream is a video platform & online community that allows students to study with others from around the world 24/7 and in real time. It brings accountability & motivation to the students from over 180 countries who study with us daily. We have helped over 3 million students be more productive & motivated, while also feeling less isolated. Our mission is to create a global community of students who can motivate each other to succeed.
4668. seed : Seed is simply a better way to bank. As a mobile first banking service designed with the small business in mind, Seed empowers small businesses with modern, easy-to-use digital tools and customer-support resources for starting, running, and growing a business. With Seed, business banking has never been easier. Learn more at https://seed.co
4669. pina : At PINA, we are designing and building the future of personal finance with a mission to help everyone achieve financial freedom by providing products and advice that make complicated financial decisions simple and relevant. We seamlessly integrate money management and investing into one app to allow people to manage their finances holistically. Users can see their net worth, monthly cash flow and how their budget has changed over the past several months. All of this is automated and designed to help them achieve the savings goal which they have set . In addition to money management, we focus on making investing easy with pre-built portfolios and automatic rebalancing. When you sign up for an account, it offers the option to pick an expertly built portfolio, or you can choose to build your own.
4670. marcopolo : Marketplace for US companies to source products from LatAm manufacturers
4671. shotput : Carefully engineered software to get products to your customers across the world faster and on time. We're trusted to simplify e-commerce and logistics by building the necessary tools for companies to improve their operations. These include determining key shipping routes, understanding customer demand, or reducing shipping and material costs. We built Shotput so that people can use new technologies to manage work across companies which will allow them to precisely calculate costs & time. We'll enter a world where people no longer have to work on boring tasks of calling each other to find statuses or putting things into a box all day. Instead we can be free to think strategically about what we're building, who's the customer, and how to best serve their needs.
4672. downtobid : Our product helps GCs automatically identify scopes of work, find qualified local subcontractors, and send personalized bid invites.
4673. omnistrate : Omnistrate is a cloud platform to SaaS-ify your docker image in minutes instead of years. Let’s say you have an open-source software, and you want to monetize your invention by building a multi-cloud SaaS solution. You can either spend years doing it yourself or use Omnistrate to do it in no time. Get started today by simply importing your existing docker-compose.
4674. linc : Linc is an AI agent to automate workflows in logistics. Our first product is an AI Copilot for logistics vendors that parses inbound (emails + documents + spreadsheets) and syncs this data with systems of record (ERPs/spreadsheets).
4675. standard-treasury : Standard Treasury helped banks harness the power of developers and developer ecosystems by building, hosting, maintaining, and supporting white-labeled and co-branded developer platforms for banks worldwide. Standard Treasury partner banks saw material top-line growth through the decreased cost of servicing their customers, decreased churn, and increased transaction volumes, while delivering tremendous value to their customers by allowing them to radically automate their treasury management and accounting processes.
4676. anywhere-fm : Anywhere.fm lets you upload your music collection onto their site and then play your music anywhere from the web. They offer their own iTunes look-alike music player through which you can play your songs. The site also incorporates social networking aspects, allowing you to create your own profile and discover new music through Friend Radio.
4677. equipt-health : Equipt Health makes it easy for any healthcare company to offer prescription medical devices to patients. We handle the whole process: the packaging, the logistics, the clinical (via our provider network) and technical support, and the return of data from connected devices. We're starting with the diagnosis and treatment of sleep apnea at heliosleep.com.
4678. glide : Glide is a web-based app builder that allows non-programmers to quickly create powerful and beautiful apps by combining prebuilt components with a familiar spreadsheet model. App development has barely changed in 30 years. Glide will bring app development out of the Dark Ages, making it web-based, collaborative, and fun. Think of Google Docs or Figma but for building apps. We believe that almost all apps can be built 10-100x faster, with higher quality, by starting with the data model and generating a polished app from high-level components that users customize. Our mission is to make it easy and fun for anyone to build amazing apps without code. In ten years, we want the majority of apps worldwide to have been built with Glide. We're four technical founders with expertise in native mobile frameworks, developer tools, and product design. We've worked together for 5-10 years, and were all early employees at Xamarin, a mobile developer tools startup acquired by Microsoft in 2016.
4679. compound : Compound empowers people who work in tech to make better financial decisions so they have the freedom to focus on what matters most.
4680. rift : rift is a sales platform that helps salespeople focus on what they do best – selling. On rift, you can accomplish everything you have to do to close deals - send emails, run sequences, cold call, and book meetings. The difference is that rift automates everything in between. If your data is a bit messy - we’ll clean it for you. If it takes a long time to figure out who to reach out to - our platform will flag the most likely leads to engage. If your emails are landing in spam - rift will set up the infrastructure to make sure that you're not landing in spam because of incorrect setup. Sales teams today spend 70% of their time not selling. rift’s mission is to give that time back to them so they can focus on selling again.
4681. nohq : noHQ allows you to set up legal entities around the world, and compliantly hire and pay your international team.
4682. cardash : Taking care of your car doesn’t need to be a painful or archaic experience. CarDash picks up your car from home or work, oversees the work, and returns your car to you. We also offer upfront and transparent pricing and serve as your advocate so you are never overcharged. We are on the verge of a major transformation in our relationship with the automobile. Connected cars, self-driving cars, mainstream electric vehicles, and new economic models of car ownership are all coming within the next decade. These could bring about a transportation revolution as disruptive as the adoption of the automobile itself. We don’t know how or when these changes will unfold, nor do we know which technologies will triumph. We do however know that all cars on the road will need to be serviced, regardless of who owns them, who drives them, or what powers them. By leveraging technology, logistical efficiency, and above all — superior service, CarDash aspires to become the service platform for the automotive industry of tomorrow.
4683. pursuit : Revlo helps eSports streamers better connect, engage, and monetize their fan base. Today, thousands of gamers are becoming online celebrities as they stream their video games to over 100 million fans all over the world. Yet, the only method for popular streamers to interact with their fans while streaming is in a cluttered IRC chat room. Revlo allows streamers to reward their loyal fans with recognition, merchandise, and interaction opportunities. Naturally, fans engage more, driving up repeat viewership and conversion into paid subscription on a streamer's channel.
4684. onlook : Onlook is the open source Cursor for Designers – Making it easy for anyone to design directly in a live website and instantly write their changes in code. Onlook is the best way for designers, non-technical team members, and developers to collaborate, empowering teams to create incredible products and websites incredibly fast. Founded by Daniel Farrell, a designer of 10+ years and former Head of Growth, and Kiet Ho, an ex-Amazon and ex-ServiceNow engineer, Onlook is on a mission to finally solve the gap between design and development.
4685. haiku : We offer several products — Marketing & Sales: Haiku Optimizer (https://getoptimizer.com) Branding: Diez (https://diez.org) Design & Code: (https://www.haikuforteams.com/animator)
4686. ariglad : Founded in Vancouver, British Columbia, Ariglad The first AI platform that integrates with support channels and release notes to auto-maintain your knowledge base. Ariglad suggests new articles, updates existing ones, detects duplicates, and merges them. Basically, it puts your knowledge base maintenance on auto-pilot. This is led by Co-Founders Sophie and Ali. They are both completely obsessed with this problem and their customers, who have partnered with Ariglad to become immensely more efficient.
4687. reble : Reble offers a software download, only for windows, that allows users to stream music from your friends who also have installed Reble. It launched into public beta on Feb. 5th, 2008, and is a Y Combinator-funded company.
4688. playment : "Computers are incredibly fast, accurate and stupid; humans are incredibly slow, inaccurate and brilliant; together they are powerful beyond imagination."​ Playment is a fully managed data labeling platform generating training data for computer vision models at scale. We empower companies in the Autonomous Vehicle, Drones, Mapping, and similar spaces with high precision annotation services - No matter how complex. We’re helping companies and research institutions like Drive AI, Starsky Robotics, CYNGN, and UIUC focus on their core areas of development. Our platform is powered by a trained workforce of 300,000+ users and managed by our human intelligence experts who build your tasks and deliver results with assured quality. Support Annotation types: Bounding Boxes, Cuboids, Polygons, and Polylines, Point annotations, Segmentation(coming soon) for both image and video data types. Interested to hear more? please check out https://playment.io Use Cases we worked on: Autonomous vehicles, drones, satellite imagery, precision agriculture, Retail / eCommerce, sports analytics
4689. orderahead : OrderAhead is a mobile ordering and payments company that enables millions of users to order pickup from thousands of local merchants.
4690. supertone : Supertone makes it easy to find and share samples with musicians around the world
4691. callback : Callback is AI-native business process outsourcing. We help our customers stay focused on their core business while we use AI to automate tasks like invoice processing, PDF report parsing, and data labeling.
4692. fibo : 
4693. kyber : With Kyber, companies operating in regulated industries can quickly draft, review, and send complex regulatory notices. For example, when Branch Insurance's claims team has to settle a claim, instead of spending hours piecing together evidence to draft a complex notice, they can simply upload the details of the claim to Kyber, auto-generate multiple best in-class drafts, easily assign reviewers, collaborate on notices in real-time, and then send the letter to the individual the notice is for. Kyber not only saves these teams time, but significantly improves consistency, compliance, and personalization.
4694. nuvola : Millibatt makes high power rechargeable coin batteries for fast growing products such as trackers, earbuds, and health monitors. Millibatt’s coin battery is safe, provides reliable wireless connectivity with high power capabilities and is easily integrated into device assembly. Millibatt helps hardware product designers choose best battery for their design by providing wide range of custom batteries with minimum order quantity as low as 10 batteries in less than 6 weeks. With Millibatt’s fast turnaround custom batteries, product designers can quickly iterate multiple designs for the best product outcome.
4695. snapcalorie : SnapCalorie is the world’s first app where you can take a photo of ANY meal and get an accurate calorie count. It takes seconds to use and is more accurate than a trained nutritionist. The team previously co-founded Google Lens, Cloud Vision API, and published a CVPR paper demonstrating the first algorithm to outperform a professional nutritionist at calorie counting.
4696. the-good-food-institute : The Good Food Institute is a nonprofit working internationally to accelerate alternative protein innovation. Globally, meat consumption is the highest it’s ever been. According to the UN, global meat production is projected to double by 2050. With plant-based meat, cultivated meat, and fermentation, we can mitigate the environmental impact of our food system, decrease the risk of zoonotic disease, and ultimately feed more people with fewer resources. By making meat from plants and cultivating meat from cells, we can modernize meat production.
4697. landed-2 : 
4698. gameday : Gameday is the easiest way to play fantasy sports with friends. We make daily fantasy sports fun for everyone, with a simple and quick version of the game over chat.
4699. recurious : thesixtyone is Digg for new music, a social filter for the tsunami of indie creativity hitting the web. Like Digg, the homepage is community driven. Listeners who sign up are given a daily number of "hearts" they can use to vote on songs they like. If songs you heart become popular, you earn reputation points, level up, and unlock community abilities. Listeners can also earn achievement badges for various activities, like hearting songs in under-explored genres or reaching a playcount milestone. All tracks are fully streamable and can be organized in tag-based playlists. To lubricate the experience, they've invented an ajax navigation system that allows listeners to enjoy seamless audio playback across pageviews.
4700. bits : 
4701. lantern : User behavior monitoring for modern product teams. It works autonomously— no code, no configuration, no data expertise required.
4702. allotrope-medical : Allotrope Medical is a Houston-based medical device company founded and run by the surgeon that created the technology. Our platform stimulation technology gives physicians control over the natural movements of the urinary and digestive systems. This control over smooth muscle tissues allows the surgeon to identify hidden anatomic structures (ureters, sphincters and others), determine tissue health, and even assist in diagnosing disease states. The technology is delivered through the surgeon's existing instruments (which have remained unchanged in over 30 years) giving a completely new capability to the surgeon while maintaining seamless workflow integration. With an $600M (and growing) initial market, the technology is future-proof and is readily able to be integrated into the continued advancements in the surgical space.
4703. helium : Helium is building self-improving software — AI that continuously experiments on key moments in the user funnel to boost revenue. Our first customer, a social app with 20M MAU, uses Helium to test new in-app paywalls to get more users to subscribe. Zach previously made $100M+ in growth experiments at Uber, Shishir led the first LLM features for Alexa, and Anish worked at Meta building ML to automatically experiment on ads, increasing Instagram ads conversion by 10%.
4704. threadable : Threadable is a mailing list management solution that makes group email less noisy and more actionable.
4705. jopwell : Jopwell’s mission is to make a substantial, measurable impact on increasing Black, Latinx, and Native American representation in the workforce. Jopwell strives to build inclusive workplaces where our members can bring their authentic selves to work. We do this by assisting companies with their recruitment, marketing, and retention efforts for communities of color.
4706. carlypso : Get your next car hassle-free. We’re here to change the used car marketplace. No more headache of combing through web listings and car lots, no more haggling with a dealership. We help you find the best car at the best price, period. Tell us what car you’re looking for, and we’ll find you the best pre-owned vehicle for the lowest possible price. Once we’ve landed your car, we’ll inspect it, detail it, and deliver it to you. We pride ourselves on the very best quality, and back it with a 7-day money-back guarantee. Let us know what you're looking for and we'll bring you a great car.
4707. surematics : Surematics is helping commercial insurance brokers structure complicated deals online. Homeowners and car insurance are enough of a nightmare for most of us to handle but Surematics is targeting even more difficult cases — awkward expensive items like oil rigs. With a dash of blockchain, the startup wants to allow companies to collaborate together to create enforceable contracts.
4708. icracked : Founded in 2010 and located in the heart of Silicon Valley, iCracked is the most uncommonly awesome way to repair your iPhone, iPad or Samsung Galaxy at the time and location of your choosing. Powered by a nationwide network of thousands of certified, background-checked technicians, iCracked provides customers unparalleled convenience and peace of mind knowing that trustworthy experts are always there to get you back up and running with your most crucial devices. Home, office or coffee shop, you name it, and we’ll be there with smiles on our faces to repair your device in 30 minutes or less. Yes, seriously. We exist to bridge the ever-widening gap between people and that moment of magic they experience when their technology simply works the way it should - wherever and whenever they need it most. Want to find out more about how you can be a part of our vibrant, inclusive, and innovative team? Check out our open positions and apply today so you can join us in our quest to change the way consumers care for their devices.
4709. fetch : Fetch is a marketplace where you can rent a nearby truck instantly using just your phone. Instead of waiting in line at a traditional rental company, you can instantly book a truck in your neighborhood and unlock it with your smart phone - all at a lower price and without the hassle.
4710. roin-technologies : We build automated robots for concrete floor construction. One person with our robots does the work of 6 construction workers.
4711. fabricly : Fabricly is an online marketplace that takes the risk out of sourcing apparel manufacturers and materials. It is used by a growing number of brands, independent designers and retailers to research manufacturers and quickly bid out sourcing jobs to a wide-reaching network. Specialties Apparel sourcing, clothing manufacturing, sourcing marketplace
4712. theneo : Next-Gen API Documentation with AI Brilliance. Generate Stripe-like API docs in just a few seconds.
4713. plutis : 
4714. berbix : Berbix’s mission is to enable all individuals to prove who they are and control how their information gets shared. Founded by the former engineering and product leaders for Trust & Safety at Airbnb, we empower companies to confidently answer the question: “Are you who you say you are?"​ This is a question many online platforms need to answer about their users. We solve that problem by offering best-in-class ID verification and proprietary fraud detection technology to our customers, which they can access through developer friendly SDKs. We serve customers in a broad variety of industries, recently raised our Series A led by Mayfield, and are actively growing our all-star team.
4715. percept-ai : Artificial intelligence for modernized customer support. We provide end-to-end AI-powered solutions for business to connect with and support their customers. By leveraging the state of art deep learning and natural language processing technology, we make the customer support teams more intelligent and efficient.
4716. influxdata : InfluxData, the creators of InfluxDB, delivers a modern Open Source Platform built from the ground up for analyzing metrics and events (time series data) for DevOps and IoT applications. Whether the data comes from humans, sensors, or machines, InfluxData empowers developers to build next-generation monitoring, analytics, and IoT applications faster, easier, and to scale delivering real business value quickly. Based in San Francisco, InfluxData customers include Autodesk, Cisco, eBay, and Coupa. Visit https://www.influxdata.com.
4717. permitify : City building departments are understaffed and overworked. Meanwhile, builders lobby to remove power from building departments. Because building departments are usually the only profitable/self-sustaining branch of a local government, this is problematic. Permitify allows city build-plan reviewers to 10x their productivity covering the labor shortage, reducing the time required to issue a building permit, and allowing the city government's only profitable branch to stay intact.
4718. dropprint-genomics : Who we are? We write software that understands the activity of individual cells as opposed to all cells. This approach is novel because we are no longer looking at average signals and can be precise. It is like a police person trying to identify the speeding car, they won’t find it if they look at all the cars at once, rather they need to look at the speed of each individual car. This is the beauty of single cell genomics, we can now identify that speeding car. Why now? The biggest barrier for entry into the single cell genomics market are cost and data analysis. To that end, we have reduced the cost by 10-fold and built the computational infrastructure for scalability. Although single cell sequencing has only been around for about five years, we come from one of the top single cell genomics labs and were the first to process and analyze millions of immune cells. Thanks to our software solutions, we have been able to bring big data solutions to the immune system. Where are we and where are we going? We have generated a database of over 1 million immune cells spanning healthy, cancerous, and autoimmune immune cells and are growing through paid partnerships. Harnessing out database and ML software, we can take a data-centric approach for better target discovery. Fortunately, as our database continues to grow, our models will continue to learn for more precise, unbiased, and automated single cell genomics. Thank you!
4719. cb-therapeutics : CB Therapeutics is a synthetic biology company focused on bringing cannabinoid and tryptamine therapeutics to the clinic and commercial markets to treat depression, PTSD, opioid addiction, alcoholism, pain, and other mental health problems.
4720. flightfox : Flightfox is a travel management platform for organizations with complex travel needs. We combine technology with human expertise to plan, search, book, monitor and manage global and group travel. We typically work with study abroad programs, humanitarian organizations, and other organizations with global reach.
4721. kiwi-biosciences : Kiwi Biosciences can help 18M Americans suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) enjoy a normal meal without running to the bathroom two hours later. We develop novel, patent-pending enzymes that break down common digestive triggers in food.
4722. truepill : Our API-connected healthcare infrastructure empowers our partners to deliver world-class patient experiences. We power prescribing, lab testing and pharmacy fulfillment.
4723. flux-auto : Flux Auto is building autonomous mobility technology to fully automate the movement and operation of vehicles in controlled spaces. Using Flux's solutions customers can reduce their dependency on human drivers, while also increasing productivity and reducing operating costs. Flux is currently deploying in warehouses, farms and mines.
4724. burrow : Burrow is the clever, direct-to-consumer furniture company reinventing the way people furnish their home. In 2018, Burrow was named one of the 10 most innovative retail brands in the world by Fast Company, and the Burrow Sofa was named one of the 50 best inventions of the year by TIME. Burrow products ship within a week, assemble and disassemble easily, and are sustainably made to be more comfortable, functional, and durable than the rest of the industry.
4725. fig : Fig is re-imagining the terminal. We make it more accessible to beginners and more productive for advanced engineers Our first product is autocomplete, but we plan to expand into a full App Store ecosystem for the Terminal. We can do a bunch of cool stuff, check out our website. And if you're interested, we are hiring 😀
4726. wingman : Wingman is a software for sales teams that listens to sales calls and automatically surfaces suggestions to sales reps in real-time. The sales calls are also transcribed and analysed for postmortems, reviews and coaching.
4727. reddit : Founded by Steve Huffman and Alexis Ohanian in 2005, Reddit is an online community where users submit, vote, and comment on content, news, and discussions. Nicknamed "the front page of the internet,"​ Reddit is one of the top ten sites in the United States (source: Alexa), with hundreds of millions of users each month on desktop, mobile web, and our official Android/iOS apps. Interested in joining our growing team? Check out about.reddit.com/careers
4728. cruise : Cruise is building the world’s most advanced, all-electric, self-driving car technology to safely connect people with the places, things, and experiences they care about. Self-driving cars will help save lives, reimagine cities, redefine time in transit, and restore freedom of movement for individuals who live in dense urban settings. Acquired by GM in 2016.
4729. socap-ai : At Socap.ai, we help founders and investors to grow their network and fundraise better with AI. As experienced founders and investors (Slava is an ex-VC with 2 unicorns from seed portfolio and a top YC founder who has raised $180M over his entrepreneurial career; Alex is a repeat AI founder with an exit and has helped dozens of founders to raise early-stage funding), we're constantly bombarded with emails/DMs from fellow founders asking for fundraising help and intros. We get it — fundraising is tough, especially in the current environment. There's so much advice that you don't even know who to listen to. With Socap.ai, we make it at least 2 times easier by giving founders a proven YC-style "parallel fundraising" playbook (remember — we ourselves have raised over $200M using it), an accountable community, and exclusive access to the Socap.ai platform where you can easily manage and grow your founder/investor network for your fundraising needs and beyond. We're currently in beta and onboarding users through various community initiatives (ours or our VC/accelerator partners). Learn more and apply to one of our free fundraising bootcamps here: Socap.ai
4730. soon : With Soon you can invest without the stress of speculating. Our fully automated sweep account attaches to your bank and uses routine spending activity to signal market trades. By investing on a schedule and selling available gains when you spend, Soon automates investing from beginning to end. No investing experience required, no need to time the market, just connect Soon to your spending account and build wealth.
4731. heap : Heap automates away the annoying parts of user analytics. No manual event tracking. No messy tracking plans. No custom ETL pipelines. Just insights. For everyone on your team.
4732. trigo : Trigo aggregates consumer rent history to help landlords approve better tenants and lenders write more loans. No solution exists to consistently furnish this rent verification to landlords and lenders today. The largest database has only 3% coverage of rent data. Trigo is a Consumer Reporting Agency (CRA) that provides this missing rent data set through a real-time API and web application. We are repeat founders with consumer data and finance experience across Harvard, Citigroup, Experian, and Amazon.
4733. facio : 
4734. dart : Dart is a fully-featured project management tool that uses AI to assist with roadmap planning, report generation, breaking tasks into subtasks, duplicate detection, and executing on basic writing and design tasks. Teams use Dart in order to plan better and eliminate regular PM chores from their schedule, freeing up seven hours per week to focus on other work.
4735. hackermeter : 
4736. waypoint : The fastest way to build and send data-rich transactional emails. Alternative to SendGrid, MailGun, Mandrill, or Postmark.
4737. gait : Ever been confused by a block of AI-generated code? Gait is a Cursor and VS Code extension that will let you view the prompt that generated code. Continue off of your coworker's conversations, view analytics on your AI codegen use, and more!
4738. cypher : Stablecoins have enabled a new paradigm of companies and employees around that world that have raised capital in USDC and also pay their employees around the world in USDC. For these businesses and professionals, the financial stack for expenses management, payouts and accounting has new challenges and Cypher is solving this.
4739. spoken : Spoken is a website where users compare buying options for the exact same product across multiple stores. We help our users never overpay online. Dane is a two-time technical YC founder; he sold his previous company, Parklet, to Greenhouse where he was VP of Platform for 4.5 years. Geoff is a Stanford MBA grad and sold his previous company Cabrio Taxi.
4740. amiato : Amiato's real-time integration service moves your data to where it's most valuable to you. Today's flexible databases like MongoDB and CouchBase let agile businesses accelerate and scale their operations, but analyzing their data has been elusive. Amiato unlocks the value of that unstructured data by bridging the gap to familiar tools in the rich structured world of BI, all with zero setup work. Run reports, do interactive ad-hoc analysis, and combine disparate silos. Our Schema-lift (TM) technology allows you to immediately integrate new endpoints and seamlessly keep up with changes in your data. We get customers up and running in a day instead of weeks, and let them focus on business instead of wrestling infrastructure.
4741. rankscience : RankScience is the #1 trusted agency to grow SEO traffic for venture-backed Silicon Valley startups to the Fortune 500.
4742. meetyu : 
4743. heru : Heru is the tech-based tax solution that automates tax filing procedures for consumers and Enterprises in Mexico. Our technology automatically, files taxes, deducts expenses, issues invoices and collects payments all from one app. Easy, transparent and automated. 14 million digital workers and SMEs in Mexico face constant stress derived from their lack of knowledge on tax related issues. By providing these users a suite of tax based solutions, we will allow them to further progress in their financial health.
4744. final : At Final, we are re-building the credit card from the ground up. Final is issuing a credit card that gives consumers total control over their merchant relationships, transparency in their spending, and piece of mind across all payment experiences. Rather than a single, 16-digit card number, Final generates multiple card numbers and manages them automatically. It works everywhere you buy; online, and offline, and integrates with digital wallets like Google Wallet and ApplePay with zero updates to the payment infrastructure. Bottom line - with Final, you’ll never lose access to your spending ability from a breach, fraud, cancelled or stolen card ever again.
4745. wepay : WePay is a multi-party payments API for SMB SaaS, POS Platforms, and Online Marketplaces. It was acquired by JPMorgan Chase in 2018.
4746. polymet : Polymet uses AI to help non-designers create production-ready designs and front-end code. They explain what they want or provide an image, and Polymet designs the interface. Our customers use Polymet instead of hiring designers and save thousands of dollars every month. Even their managers can design with English instead of writing design specs. This helps these teams move faster and cover design function on their own instead of contractors at early stages and when they start to scale their can produce a lot more design work, just like Midjourney.
4747. alana : HR focused ERP that automates processes for mid/large companies in LATAM through several modules: Shift and calendar planning for staff Check-in/out with geolocation and FR Employee health and safety reporting and record Performance management module Career planninf module
4748. strive-math : Strive is an online coding school for kids (8-16). We help students start and commit to their coding journeys by making coding fun and exciting. We focus, above all else, on making the process of learning joyful. - We’re starting with coding, but we’re building the content and platform to redefine **STEM education globally** by teaching math, science, and other school subjects **through coding.** - We believe we can only make education joyful if we ourselves are joyful, so creating a fun and exciting work environment is one of our core values. We’re a remote-first company with teachers and employees from South Africa, Singapore, India, the USA, and the Philippines. - **We’re a well-funded startup backed by YCombinator and early investors of Spotify and Facebook.**
4749. bufferbox : BufferBox® Inc. is an innovation driven technology company that specializes in the design of automated self-service technologies to lower costs and increase convenience in the parcel delivery industry. By tackling an unaddressed need with technical expertise, BufferBox® aims to set the new gold standard in parcel delivery services. The idea: A fundamental behavioral shift in today’s generation’s purchasing habits has created an unaddressed need in the parcel delivery industry. The industry has not addressed the cost inefficiencies and customer frustration stemming from an increasingly recurring problem – undeliverable packages when the end-receiver is not available. The BufferBox® solution provides a highly cost-efficient, self-sustainable, accessible and convenient technology to lower costs for shipping carriers while increasing value to receivers. This unique proposition is achieved by leveraging self-sustainable kiosk technologies and a growing receptiveness to self-service processes.
4750. apply-design : Apply Design is a leading AI-powered virtual staging app that empowers real estate professionals to showcase the full potential of their properties to prospective buyers, helping them sell homes faster and for higher prices. We virtually stage over 10,000 properties monthly, transforming images of vacant or outdated spaces into fully furnished, captivating property photos. Our proprietary AI-powered software is the only solution capable of generating photorealistic designs in one click while also enabling instant customization of any detail with complete control. This is a $10B market opportunity, given the 50M properties sold or rented annually in North America and Europe alone.
4751. kidpass : KidPass is a new way for parents to discover and book amazing children's activities. Get access to exclusive events, classes, camps, museums, and more. Unlock a new world of experiences.
4752. allsome-fulfillment : AllSome is a Fulfillment-as-a-Service platform for Southeast Asia e-commerce sellers to build self-run fulfillment operations. No upfront fee, 99.99% on time shipping and 50% cost saving.
4753. workclout : WorkClout is enabling industrial labor to perform to their highest potential. WorkClout is a tool that helps industrial Operations & HR Teams make better decisions to improve production efficiency. WorkClout's SaaS tool centralizes on-the-job employee training, troubleshooting, safety/quality procedures, knowledge building, and performance tracking.
4754. thinkature : 
4755. airthium : We build engines that have the potential to slash 33% or worldwide CO2 emissions - cost-effectively. First, we help food and mining companies cut both their heat costs *and* CO2 emissions by replacing gas-fired steam boilers with our proprietary high temperature heat pumps. Our heat pumps make up to 3x more heat with the same amount of electricity, even at up to 1000°F. Once the heat pump market is mature, we will address the seasonal energy storage market. Our storage units are based on the exact same proprietary engine we use for our heat pumps. They work with solar and wind, and replace lithium-ion batteries, fossil-fired power plants, CO2 capture and storage, and fuel procurement, with a cheaper, sustainable and more reliable alternative, which can be sited anywhere. The first opportunity is a high-margin market worth 3% of worldwide CO2. The second is a much bigger market worth 30% of worldwide CO2. By the time all cars become electric, it will be even more. Our key is we are building the first Stirling engine to reach 86% of the Carnot efficiency, compared to 64% for the state of the art. We do all that while significantly decreasing costs, and increasing reliability. Please see Airthium's website for more information.
4756. gauge : Gauge is solving the monolith/microservices dilemma. We’re helping enterprises break large codebases into small pieces. We first met as roommates in college, and in the decade since we've both worked exclusively at startups, including multiple founding engineering roles. We ran into this problem time and time again as our startups began to scale. We're now working with a wide range of companies, including a number of multi-billion $ enterprises. Our open source tooling also has ~1k stars on GitHub, over 400k downloads, and is in use by Nvidia. In the short term, Gauge is building tools to modularize the monolith. Long term, Gauge is building a way to deploy a single codebase as a set of independent services, giving you the scalability of microservices alongside the simplicity of monolithic development.
4757. robohr : 
4758. precognate : 
4759. affil-ai : We help companies like Capital One work with their affiliate content creators like CNBC more easily. Affiliate is an important growth channel, accounting for 25% of new credit card sign-ups, but today's financial companies use multiple layers of middleman to do their affiliate marketing and adhere to compliance guidelines. This is costly and time consuming for fintechs and affiliates alike in this massive market. Affil leverages AI to automate affiliate compliance, monitoring, and management to wrap the middleman into major player. This not only makes it easier for fintechs to market their products, but it also helps improve the affiliate experience as well.
4760. optery : Optery is automated opt out software, and we serve individuals, families and businesses. With Optery, you can remove yourself from hundreds of data brokers that are posting and selling your home address, phone number, email and other private information on the internet. Optery was awarded"Editors' Choice" by PCMag as the most outstanding product in its category in 2022, 2023, and 2024, was a winner in Fast Company's Next Big Things in Tech for Security and Privacy in 2023, and has received numerous Cybersecurity Excellence awards. Optery prevents phishing and social engineering, identity theft and fraud, online stalking and harassment, doxxing, and prevents people's private information from showing up in Google search results. Anyone can create a free account to receive a personalized Exposure Report with live screenshots summarizing where your information is being posted and sold online. Optery then provides free tools for self-service removals, or you can upgrade to a paid plan, and Optery will remove the profiles for you. Optery for Business serves enterprises removing personal information from the internet for their employees and executives, and offers an API enabling application developers to embed data broker scanning and removal technology into their applications.
4761. hannah-life-technologies : We are making a new fertility treatment that infertile couples can order with a click of a button to help them conceive at home. Our technology increases the likelihood of pregnancy by guiding significantly higher number of sperms towards the ovum using a proprietary combination of surface features and microenvironment optimization. The fertility treatments available today, such as in-vitro fertilization (IVF) and intra-uterine insemination (IUI), are psychologically and financially draining and come with considerable treatment-associated risks. Furthermore, over 25 million women of reproductive age in the US have limited nearby access to fertility treatment.
4762. replika : Luka is a software development company based in San Francisco, California. The company created Luka app, a new messenger with AI-powered chatbots. They help you find places to eat, do web search, make plans together, pick places to eat, play trivia games and lots of other things in a messenger. In 2016 Luka launched a closed testing of Replika, a new app that allows to create a personal AI friend that helps people deal with loneliness. The app is powered by a proprietary deep learning architecture.
4763. known-medicine : Known Medicine combines patient-specific 3D cell culture & AI to translate drugs to clinical success. We receive patient tumors, break them down, make thousands of micro-tumors, and then treat each with different drugs to determine which they will respond best to.
4764. alai : Alai helps tech professionals create high quality presentations faster using AI. For example, a product manager can enter their proposal in plaintext and get polished slide options without spending hours on design.
4765. kapacity-io : Kapacity.io is building the future of smart energy grids with an electricity Load Balancing service focused on buildings.
4766. hubble-network : Hubble is building a global satellite network that any Bluetooth-enabled device can connect to, even without cellular reception. Our mission in life is to get a billion devices connected to the network and unlock a new era of human-machine collaboration.
4767. rune : Rune is the best place to talk and play multiplayer games with your friends. Users hang out on Rune’s mobile app, sharing laughs on our voice chat as they play amazing indie multiplayer games together! And developers build these games right on the Rune platform. Developers leverage the Rune SDK to build multiplayer games without needing a single line of backend code. They launch their game on Rune and instantly, thousands of passionate friend groups play it together on voice chat right inside the Rune app! Rune's beta has grown rapidly, with over 50 games built for the platform ranging from multiplayer mini-golf to real-time 3D racing games. The SDK supercharges game creation, with many of our games built in under a week! And these games are played like crazy too — friends have spent over 50 million minutes hanging out and playing our new games together already.
4768. wundrbar : Wundrbar wants to improve upon the search bar experience by providing users with powerful inline commands. The idea is reminiscent of YubNub but Wundrbar strives to appeal to a larger audience and to incorporate functionality that helps people manage their personal online accounts in addition to searching the web.
4769. zapi : Build stunning content sites in seconds with no-code using AI
4770. skip : Skip Scooters operates shared electric scooters for reliable last-mile transportation. The company works with cities to ensure our fleets are operated with the support of the surrounding communities, and they stand behind their riders by providing vehicles, safety education, and training, and world-class support. The scooter rental company is based in San Francisco, California. It is formerly known by its Y Combinator codename, Waybots.
4771. stackq : 
4772. anchor-health : Anchor Health is a software, hardware, and operating solutions for distributed health care networks and providers.
4773. spring-in-africa : Backing innovation, building financial technology. Focused on emerging markets and leveraging people finesse with capital.
4774. wibond : Under "Buy Now, Pay Later" business model, Wibond is a 100% flexible digital payment method enabling the 200 million underbanked consumers without credit cards to shop online for the first time. We integrate directly into the purchase flow of online merchants, and we offer consumers a credit, when they have already made up their mind that they want to acquire a specific product. We provide financial and digital access to a large community of people offering payment options according to their possibilities and profile. Wibond is an inclusive and simple solution: - Consumers can create their free account to quickly access and pay without banks, in installments, and without a card. - Merchants with e-commerce channels increase their sales and integrate Wibond in a very agile way by offering a new form of payment and expanding their markets. We’re also integrated in the purchase flow of more than 500 merchants, including Samsung, Musimundo (one of the Biggest retailers in LATAM) , and Motorola. And up to 65% of the payment transactions on these sites go through us.
4775. buttercoin : Buttercoin is an open source, high-volume digital trading engine used to arrange trades in an order book.
4776. verifiable : 
4777. blockspring : Blockspring helps small businesses and merchants integrate APIs into their productivity tools without any code - useful for report automation, lead generation, and building dynamic landing pages. It is recognized by Gartner, wired, BI, and Techcrunch for API data management.
4778. zoomer : Zoomer is a venture backed, technology and logistics startup focused on helping high volume delivery restaurants wow their customers and grow their business. We've taken a unique approach to changing the food delivery space and it's starting to pay off. Zoomer has stayed out of the spotlight so you won't find much about us online, but our charts are going up and to the right in impressive fashion and more importantly, we are growing and working with more and more restaurant partners, driver partners & hungry diners each day. We are backed by some of the best investors in the world including Foundation Capital, Y Combinator (S14), First Round Capital, SV Angel, Eric Ries and others. Zoomer connects high volume delivery restaurants with independent delivery drivers. Our platform has been built to handle an extraordinarily high volume of concurrent deliveries. Restaurants leveraging the Zoomer platform are able to provide a better & more consistent delivery experience for their customer, which ultimately leads to a stronger bottom line. Independent drivers on the Zoomer platform have the ability to create their own schedule & increase their own efficiency, resulting in more earnings. And of course, customers receive their orders dramatically faster than the status quo. This is your opportunity to get in on the ground-floor. You’ll have a ton of impact – lots of freedom to evolve our processes, systems, partners, platform, stack and apps. We’re currently hiring across a number of teams, there’s a full listing of our open roles at www.zoomerdelivery.com
4779. dmodel : dmodel lets companies look inside the mind of an AI model and manipulate its thoughts in real-time. For example, AI-driven customer service platforms can use dmodel to rapidly fine-tune responses for accuracy and brand alignment, without retraining the entire model.
4780. madeats : MadEats is an online delivery-only restaurant group in the Philippines, building affordable, high margin food brands by using our own ghost kitchens. Since we use ghost kitchens, we don’t have to spend for expensive dining areas and wait staff. We can spend more money on growing our food brands, better food, and making better delivery experiences.
4781. halolife : Founded in May 2015 and based in San Francisco, California, Halolife is an online platform that provides step-by-step guidance to plan and find a burial or cremation service that meets your needs, budget, and location. Halolife is the only trusted online end-of-life marketplace that offers complete transparency of business reviews and prices of funeral and cremation providers. Whether you are a family that needs immediate assistance or planning for the future, our team of caring experts will help you every step of the way. We eliminate the need to shop around by matching you with the right funeral provider. Currently, Halolife is operating in the state California with plans to expand to throughout the United States in the near future.
4782. encore : Encore is your go-to online shopping assistant for finding secondhand treasures. Our conversational search platform makes it easy and fun to browse platforms like Depop, eBay, Grailed, and Poshmark—all in one place. Whether you’re after styling tips, honest reviews, trend ideas, or tracking down that cool piece you saw in a movie or on social media, we’ve got you covered. Shopping should feel like having a personal expert by your side, helping you discover things you’ll truly love. With Encore, browsing becomes easy, fun, and actually rewarding.
4783. exec : Exec is a house cleaning service that users can book from their iPhone or the web in real-time.
4784. revi : Revi helps Investment Banks, PE firms, and Corporate Development teams source new deals. We do this by using agentic workflows to replicate their end-to-end deal origination process, entirely removing the trade-off between precision and scalability. We released the first version of Revi in September 2023 and now have companies like KPMG and platforms backed by KKR and Nordic Capital using our product.
4785. fiber-ai : Fiber AI automates SDR and BDR prospecting & outbound sales workflows using AI. Enterprises choose our AI sales platform because we automatically find prospects, research them, and hyper-personalize outbound messages that get 80% open rates, which is 4x the industry standard (our AISDR / AIBDR platform 2-4x's the reply rates you are currently getting). Our AI sales platform consists of 3 core components: First, Fiber AI manages domain and email health to achieve 80% open rates. We configure cold email infrastructure to maximize email deliverability. Our product will automatically configure your DNS records, warm up your emails (email warmup), orchestrate emails to send optimally across all your accounts, run multi-layer email bounce detection (email waterfall), and modify each outgoing cold outreach to ensure your cold outbound sales emails don't trigger spam filters. Second, we automate sales lead generation with dynamic audiences (AI powered sales assistant, AI based SDR). We have B2B company data on 60 million B2B companies and 800 million B2B contacts, sourced from dozens of data providers (i.e. think sources like BuiltWith, Crunchbase, LinkedIn, ZoomInfo, SemRush, Apollo data, and more). This allows you to precisely segment your audience by the companies you care about and exclude everyone else. Our audiences are dynamic (i.e., account based marketing, account based sales, ABM), meaning we continuously look for prospects matching your targeting criteria and add them to your audience to run our automated outbound sales sequences. This automates manual workflows you might be running on platforms like Clay or Persana. You can also create an audience once based on intent signals (i.e., GTM or go-to-market signals, sales intelligence) and put your outreach on autopilot. Lastly, our AI sales copilot (AI sales agent, AI based BDR) enables AI powered hyper-personalized emails that boost response rates. The biggest debate in sales is choosing between relevancy and personalization—now you don’t have to. We search far and wide to find the “golden nugget” of information to connect with your prospect, and then use GPT-4 to write hyper personalized email sequences that dramatically increase reply rates and book meetings. Because of these core differences, we stand out from competitors. Products like apollo io have poor email deliverability rates that ruin email health long-term. Existing email outbound tools like amplemarket, reply io, marketo, and outreach io don't scale well and restrict you to small volumes of outbound emails. AI features to autopilot campaigns are missing in products like smartlead ai, instantly, unify gtm, penguin ai, and warmly ai. Currently, our philosophy is to allow AI to 100-1000x your team's output while maintaining extremely high email quality. AI sales copilots like reggie ai, aisdr, artisan ai / artisan sdr / artisan bdr, and others let gpt use AI to generate the entire email, which results in poor outbound email quality since SDRs/BDRs don't have fine-tune controls on the personalization.
4786. athenahq : Get your brand discovered on generative engines like ChatGPT, Perplexity, Claude, Gemini, and more.
4787. payload : Payload is a developer-first headless CMS and application framework built to finally give developers a better choice in the world of CMS. From documentation to design, Payload is crafted from the ground-up to save engineers time and effort while building the backend and admin panel for websites, native apps, ecommerce, SaaS, and any other product that needs to manage content. Payload is changing the CMS status quo—working to give developers the tools they want to build the CMS they need, all in clean and well-structured code. Learn more at https://payloadcms.com.
4788. lovd : Buy and sell previously Lovd goods. We'll pick up and deliver in 24 hours. Only in NYC.
4789. lamin : Manage data & analyses with an open-source framework. Collaborate across dry & wetlab in a distributed hub. Enable learning at scale through API-first access.
4790. trueclaim : TrueClaim processes all payments between healthcare providers and companies that self-fund their insurance. TrueClaim's AI-enabled engine adjudicates and continuously reviews 100% of medical claims to save at least 7% of healthcare costs.
4791. simplelegal : Legal spend, matter, accrual and IP management software for in-house counsel.
4792. 1910-genetics : We are a biotechnology company integrating AI, computation and biological automation to accelerate the design of small molecule and protein therapeutics. Our mission is to decrease the timeline and cost of drug development, while improving the success rate of bring innovative medicines to patients in need. We have two drug discovery engines - ELVIS™ and ROSALYND™ - that enable the design of both small molecule and protein therapeutics, an unmatched capability in the AI drug discovery space. Our therapeutic area-agnostic, end-to-end technology powers the full length of early drug discovery - from novel hit discovery to hit to lead, and lead optimization. We are currently applying our technology to drug discovery programs in several areas including, but not limited to, neuroscience, infectious disease, immunology and oncology.
4793. kenota : 
4794. rendalomaq : We’re on track to provide the proverbial 'picks and shovels' to power all construction in Latin America. RendaloMaq is the leading tech-enabled equipment rental company in the region, enhancing the traditional rental business with advanced cloud technology.
4795. chatwoot : Chatwoot is an open-source omnichannel customer engagement suite built as an alternative to Intercom, Zendesk etc. Chatwoot helps you to connect email, website live chat, social media handles, WhatsApp etc. and manage all your customer interactions from one place.
4796. lus-brands : LUS (Love Ur Self) Brands is a "non-beauty"​ beauty brand startup based in Toronto, Canada. Launched as an e-Commerce brand in Jan 2017, LUS aims to create innovative products that help consumers embrace their own natural and unique features, instead of altering or masking them. Our first product line, Love Ur Curls, consists of a simplified 3-step system for consumers with naturally curly/textured hair. Our innovative styling products are water-activated and customized for different hair types: wavy, curly, and kinky-coily.
4797. roomstorm : Roomstorm has developed the airline industry's first ever fully automated platform for providing hotel accommodations to distressed passengers during flight disruptions. This platform gives airlines the opportunity to directly connect to hotel inventory all over the world, or to give their teams an advanced web portal for the rapid processing of their passengers.
4798. procoto : Procoto makes running RFPs, tracking contracts, and managing vendors simple and affordable. We get procurement teams out of dense systems and spreadsheets without having to drop a hefty check on SAP or Coupa.
4799. liftigniter : LiftIgniter uses cutting edge data science to help publishers and retailers optimize their websites and mobile apps in real-time. Machine learning personalization puts the perfect piece of "content"​ (video, article, item to buy) in front the user at the exact moment when they are most likely to engage or convert - no tags or manual work required. The machine learns and updates itself so that's it's always perfectly in sync with your users and your "content."​ We average 50% improvements in CTR, engagement and conversation - with only a day's work on your part. Imagine creating a truly dynamic, real-time digital property that enables the perfect experience for that user impression at that moment in time. That is LiftIgniter! Our team of PhDs has direct experience building state-of-the-art personalization systems at the petabyte scale for some of the largest companies on the planet. Unless you plan on hiring your own team with deep experience (not likely since very few people with that experience exist), you should contact us to talk about how we can supercharge your digital experiences.
4800. user-hero : User Hero collects all your user research in one place. Organize studies, transcribe interviews, take notes collaboratively, tag and search observations, and more. We automatically generate reports and rainbow charts so your team can learn and build faster.
4801. codenow : CodeNow is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit transforming high school students into coders, designers, and product managers. By helping students unlock their intrinsic motivations, they are learning to solve meaningful problems in their communities with software.
4802. nonu : 
4803. deskimo : Join the hybrid work revolution! Find professional workspaces near your home and escape the home office without wasting time on commuting. Deskimo connects the hybrid corporate workforce with quality workspaces all over Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Hong Kong and the UAE. 1) Deskimo is an asset-light extension of a corporate office Most companies are looking to downsize their office leases and move to a hybrid work model to save costs and provide employees greater flexibility post pandemic. 2) Deskimo is an instant access pass to all workspaces One tap in the Deskimo app generates a QR code, which gets scanned at the front desk to check in and check out. No memberships, no registrations, no long-term commitments needed. 3) The hybrid work revolution is only getting started Employees have no intention to go back to the office 5 days / week post pandemic. This will transform the way companies manage their hybrid workforce and decentralized workplace. Deskimo is at the center of this transformation.
4804. dumps : Dumps is where friends connect through photos and chaotic messaging. Our users crave an expressive, low-stakes place to share their lives and interact.
4805. chunkr : Battle-tested + highly modular vision infrastructure to convert PDFs, PPTs, Word, Excel, PNG, and JPEGs into LLM-ready data. We started by building lumina.sh - where we needed to parse ~600M pages of scientific literature. The researchers didn't care - but devs wanted our ingestion pipeline. So we built chunkr instead. We offer high quality layout analysis, OCR, bounding boxes, granular VLM controls, semantic chunking, and all the last mile engineering that goes into building standout AI applications. Common use-cases include RAG, and automating document workflows like invoices/medical reports -> database.
4806. pingpong : A video messaging app for remote teams in multiple time zones—it's like Slack for video. With PingPong, teams collaborate by exchanging short video, voice, and screen recording clips.
4807. physiohealth : PhysioHealth is an enterprise health and wellness management platform that rewards your employees for living healthy and decreases your healthcare costs. Their customized platform delivers 5x engagement vs. other corporate wellness programs.
4808. rain-neuromorphics : At Rain Neuromorphics, we envision a future where every device possesses a dynamic and continuously learning AI brain. Neural Networks are the most powerful engines behind today's AI, but simulations require massive amounts of power and time to learn all of the synaptic connections. As opposed to a simulation, our neuromorphic hardware is a physical artificial neural network, composed of spiking neurons and physical synapses. We combine unique electroceramic materials, nanofabrication techniques, and biologically plausible models of learning to create the Memristive Nanowire Neural Network (MN3), a new type of AI chip. The MN3 can possess over ten million spiking neurons per square centimeter, and uses far less power than conventional GPUs and CPUs.
4809. clearmix : Our platform connects expert producers with guests to record marketing videos remotely from anywhere - videos are produced 4x faster and at 10x lower cost.
4810. preflight : PreFlight is a No-code web testing tool for anyone. Preflight is 20x faster than writing Selenium and Cypress tests. Maintaining Selenium/Cypress tests is also a big challenge. Preflight solves this problem by understanding how users understand any page and adapt to the changes and update the selectors if the test passes. It's also super easy to set up end-to-end tests that depend on each other with Preflight's Workflow feature. You can orchestrate which test should run after another. Creating API tests has never been so easy. Preflight prepopulates API tests from UI tests' network calls. So, you can set up API tests in minutes.
4811. g-lnk : G LNK is an AI-powered platform simplifying how healthcare companies connect with the relevant medical professionals. Our proprietary matching and ranking models instantly identify the most qualified experts, accelerating drug development and commercialization. Designed with compliance at its core, G LNK ensures every connection meets strict regulatory and ethical standards—empowering companies to innovate faster with confidence.
4812. salarybook : SalaryBook is an payroll, employee attendance and Expense management app for 60 million Indian SMEs. SMBs see in our app a one stop solution for running their business. Starting from seamless on-boarding of employees to managing their payroll and attendance. Our app includes some cool features like selfie & location based attendance marking. Say goodbye to the traditional punch in attendance systems & replace it with a click of a button on SalaryBook mobile app. SalaryBook also helps 400M Indian blue-collar employees to create their first ever credit & skills profile online.
4813. lever : Lever is one of the most recognized brands in talent acquisition software for high growth companies. We enable teams to post jobs, source, interview, and hire top talent. We've combined ATS & CRM into a single platform, Lever TRM. Our Talent Acquisition Suite also includes tools for recruitment marketing and analytics: Lever Nurture, Lever Advanced Analytics, and Lever Data Warehouse Sync. Our customers include Netflix, KPMG, Spotify, Talend, Cirque du Soleil, and over 5000 other customers. Lever has raised $123 million in funding from Apax Digital, Adam Street Partners, Scale Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, and Y Combinator among others. With an overall gender ratio of 50:50, Lever is also fiercely committed to building a team culture that celebrates diversity and inclusion. For more information, visit https://www.lever.co/.
4814. turing-college : Turing College is an online AI-driven school for busy professionals. We upskill & reskill in data science & AI, analytics, marketing and programming in 3-12 months with 1on1 support and flexibility.
4815. remix : Remix’s mission is to help build more livable cities. Our software helps city planners understand their communities and design transportation systems that serve them. We’ve partnered with over 325 cities across 20 countries on 4 continents — and were continually seeking to grow our impact around the world. Urban planning impacts everything from economic mobility to CO2 emissions, and our platform empowers local governments to transform their transportation systems, design safer streets, and implement new mobility options to better serve their communities.
4816. viaopt : 
4817. withfriends : Withfriends makes it easy for any small business to offer memberships, so that your community can subscribe to support your business. Simply connect us to your online store or point-of-sale, and we'll offer memberships to your customers during checkout. We've found 1 in 20 customers will choose to become members, bringing your business an additional 45% in revenue.
4818. yourmechanic : YourMechanic was founded in 2012 and is the first nationwide provider of mobile mechanics to car owners. Headquartered in Mountain View, California, YourMechanic is funded by SoftBank Capital, Andreessen Horowitz, Y Combinator, Ashton Kutcher, Data Point Capital, and others. We are on a mission to build the most convenient and trusted car repair service. Total trust comes from total transparency. YourMechanic is transforming the auto repair industry by delivering car care to car owners at their home or office in the top 50 largest U.S. metropolitan areas. Mobile mechanics provide over 600 repair, maintenance, and diagnostic services at a fair and transparent price. By connecting mechanics directly with car owners in need of repair services, we are empowering these hard-working mechanics to control their quality of life. They are able to choose when they want to work (including evenings and weekends), and the type of cars and services they want to work on. The company has earned recognition from top organizations, and has won TechCrunch Disrupt SF (2012), Women in Auto Care's Best Business-to-Consumer Website (2016), and Automobility LA’s Top Ten Automotive Startup (2016). YourMechanic holds an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau and maintains an average Yelp rating of 4.8 stars. In 2017, YourMechanic released a full suite of business-to-business products that offer innovative solutions to business partners at every point in the aftermarket car care lifecycle. Learn more at https://www.yourmechanic.com/
4819. greo : Our mission is to empower everyone to discover, create, and exchange meaningful ideas to awaken a more just world. Learn more at www.greo.com
4820. nambii : Nambii is an online dating service with iPhone applications that allow users to send and receive flirts with people around them.
4821. swipehouse : The biggest social network in the world for TikTok celebs. One of the first 5 companies in the US to get the TikTok API. Launched over 400 companies on TikTok in under a year. Work with Ridge, Hopper, and more. Acquired in 2021.
4822. edwin : It combines the latest adaptive learning and Natural Language Understanding technology with pedagogical content as well as on-demand human instructors to offer its students affordable, personalized, 1:1 learning. Based in San Francisco, the company was funded by General Catalyst, Y Combinator, Google Assistant Investments Program, and several other investors. Over 800 thousand students have improved their English with Edwin. In early 2020 Edwin merged with MyBuddy.ai. The resulting company kept the name “Buddy.ai”. Headquartered in San Francisco, it focuses on building a virtual English conversation partner for over 500 million children around the globe who are trying to learn English, but can't reach fluency because they lack genuine practice speaking the language. The company doubled down on its mobile app Buddy, the voice-based English tutor for kids, organically combining solutions developed by Buddy.ai and Edwin.
4823. tipe : Tipe allows teams to edit, preview, and publish content for their apps. You can use tipe to change static content to dynamic, allow non-technical team members to edit anything. They can then preview those changes and get feedback before publishing. All of this is set up in less than 3 minutes from your developer.
4824. flair-labs : Flair Labs is the leading AI communications platform for real estate and lending, empowering teams to build autonomous agents that execute complex workflows across voice and text. We believe the next generation of top real estate teams will be responsible for managing swarms of agents that execute tasks on their behalf – Flair Agent platform is the foundation enabling this future.
4825. kaizena : Students use Kaizena to request feedback on their work from teachers and other students. From hearing yourself play a wrong note on the piano to a baseball coach guiding your swing, feedback is everyone’s fundamental learning process: try, compare, try again. We extend everyone's natural approach to learning into the classroom.
4826. posterous : Posterous emerged from Y Combinator in the summer of 2008 as an innovative company focused on making blogging simple - as simple as sending an email - and now has more than 15 million monthly users. With the launch of Posterous Spaces, the company is bringing its trademark simplicity to help people share smarter with intuitive privacy controls to share selectively across multiple platforms.
4827. senic : Our mission is to empower every family member and business to set the right ambience of sound and light for every moment. Our company offers simple wireless switches and remotes for products like Sonos or Philips Hue, software and simplify the installation of Smart Home systems and add-on solutions to create a great smart home experience for consumers, prosumers and professionals.
4828. answer-ky : 
4829. midnox : Luma (formerly Midnox) allows you to record and share beautiful HD videos with real-time video stabilization, filters and zoom. Change filters and stabilization after you've finished recording! Follow your friends to watch, like and comment on their videos.
4830. volt-health : Volt is an electrostimulation wearable to treat diseases like incontinence. The founder has already taken six medical devices to market, including the Cool Sculpting device that sold for billions. Incontinence affects 25 million people and is a $25 billion market. The device stimulates the muscles to get them the give feedback to receptors. This helps those suffering from incontinence to not pee when they don’t want to. The device can also target other conditions like migraines and comes with proprietary technology.
4831. superglue : superglue is an open-source tool that sits as a proxy in front of your API calls, automatically transforming data into exactly the format your system needs. Instead of writing custom code to map fields, handle different data structures, failure states and normalizing inconsistent formats, integration engineers can now define their desired output format and let superglue handle the entire transformation process automatically.
4832. docucharm : 
4833. lyrebird : Lyrebird offers a new generation of speech synthesis technologies for developers. It is the result of several months of research conducted at the MILA lab at University of Montréal.
4834. dataherald : Dataherald enables you to embed Natural Language to SQL (“NL-to-SQL” or "Text-to-SQL") into your product. The NL-to-SQL API, built with an LLM, allows your users to conduct no-code data analytics, pull reports, get answers to data questions, and conduct complex data queries using just natural language.
4835. jellyfish-art : Jellyfish Art makes jellyfish aquariums and supplies them with live jellyfish and accessories. Jellyfish are a new trend in personal aquariums. They require specialized tanks with water flow patterns that keep the jellyfish suspended in the middle of the tank away from filtration intakes. They also require specialized food made from frozen plankton. Jellyfish Art sells everything needed to keep jellyfish in a personal aquarium, including the live jellyfish, which can be shipped anywhere in the U.S. via overnight express delivery. The company sells all of its products through its website and ships from a warehouse located in San Francisco, CA. It is the flagship site of AnyVivo.
4836. foreword : 
4837. compose : Compose is a fully-managed platform used by developers to deploy, host, and scale databases to help you conquer the data layer. www.compose.io
4838. beatdeck : Beatdeck is a big data music analytics platform. It is used to evaluate artist's KPM, analyze social signals, and provide a clean extensive dashboard into the music industry. Beatdeck was founded in January 2013 at Y Combinator in Mountain View, CA by Josh Mangel and Avi Zolty.
4839. zenefits : Zenefits was founded to take the administrative heartache out of getting healthcare. In the five years since, Zenefits'​ consumer-grade technology has tackled one of the economy's gnarliest people problems: delivering easy access to health insurance. Today, this is the foundation of our People Platform which brings everything HR -- benefits, payroll, onboarding and talent management -- into one single app. And we're just getting started. Our team is creating a modern People Platform that empowers employees by equipping them with the tools they need to be independent, mobile, and fully in control. The Zenefits People Platform is where HR comes to life. Learn more at www.zenefits.com
4840. lotus : Lotus is an open-core pricing and billing engine. We enable API companies to automate their custom usage-based pricing for any metric. Rather than guess on how to charge their customers, Lotus provides companies with powerful new tools from metering to invoicing to testing new pricing. Our self-hosted software is free on GitHub, and we offer a paid cloud version and enterprise tier for support.
4841. mystery-org : We started Mystery.org to create better explanations for every question children have about the world. We began with the 150 most common science questions that children ask teachers. We call this collection Mystery Science. Last year, more than 4 million children used Mystery Science in 50% of U.S. elementary schools. In an industry that is plagued by long sales cycles and high barriers to entry, we’ve sold thousands of schools without a single sales person. We’re backed by a great group of investors including Y Combinator, Learn Capital, and Reach Capital. We’re now moving on to all the other questions children have that they’ll never learn in school. In the last 18 months we received over 500,000 questions from children eager for better explanations of the world. Now we’re creating video explanations for every question. You can think of this like a visual Wikipedia for kids. Our goal is to create a generation of better thinkers. We think this is the most important problem to solve in the world today.
4842. todesktop : ToDesktop is an all-in-one platform for building and releasing desktop apps. We save companies months of development time by handling code signing, auto-updates, and native installers for Windows, Mac and Linux.
4843. curo : Curo enables electric vehicle fleets to lease EV chargers. We do this by providing a standardized process so that any EV charger owner can host a fleet, such as an office building overnight when their employees go home. Owners of EV chargers get <15% usage after paying hundreds of thousands of dollars to install, and fleets are rapidly trying to electrify yet charging is a huge bottleneck. Curo increases revenue 5x for charger owners and enables fleets to electrify instantly, at a fraction of the cost. We're live across 5 states, having grown 50% MoM for the past 6 months. Curo is already backed by investors like Blue Bear, Not Boring, Slow and Eniac.
4844. echo-locker : Echo is a lockscreen platform designed to help its users view notifications. Echo automatically filters notifications into categories and delivers the most important alerts straight to lock screen.
4845. zerodev : Use ZeroDev to create self-custody wallets for your users, powered by account abstraction. These wallets are truly non-custodial, while being easier to use and way more powerful than even custodial wallets, enabling features such as: - Gas-free transactions - Transaction bundling - Programmable security policies ZeroDev is perfect for anyone who wants to create wallets for users, including Web 2.5 apps, wallet apps, onramps, marketplaces, and more!
4846. dailybooth : DailyBooth lets users follow their friends and update them in real-time through the use of pictures and status updates.
4847. voosh : Voosh is a Food Technology company aiming to empower Food Service brands using our proprietary visualisation tools and Data Science. One stop visualisation tool for CXOs, Operational heads or Zonal managers to get business insights and take real time decisions to help grow online sales.
4848. humand : Humand transforms how companies digitize their internal communication, culture, and HR processes within one user-friendly app. As a result, Humand provides every company with a digital Community to centralize every company-employee interaction. Humand's digital Communities are powerful, customizable and easily adapt to the needs of every company, no matter the industry, size or region. Companies that implement Humand benefit from the following suite of Mini Apps, which are getting smarter thanks to the power of AI: + Forms & Smart Workflows 📋 + Internal Social Network ❤️ + Chat 💬 + Time Off 🏝 + Magazine 📰 + Surveys 📊 + Smart Intranet 📲 + Kudos 👏🏻 + Learning 📚 + Onboarding 🎉 + Org chart 👥 + Company Files and Employee Documents 📂 + Perks & Benefits 🥂 + Birthdays & Work Anniversaries 🥳 + Employee Development 🥇 + Electronic Signature ✍🏻 + Smart Tickets 📧 + Marketplace 🛍 + Calendar & Events 📆 + Agenda 🔎 + Integrations 🔗 More than 400 companies use Humand. Implemented by ArcelorMittal (biggest steel producer in the world), Tenaris (global leader in steel pipes production), NSG group (among the biggest glass producers in the world), and many other organizations across different countries. Humand enables all workers, particularly those without direct access to a computer at their desks, to stay connected with their company anywhere, anytime. Humand enhances internal communication speed, streamline information flow between collaborators, and enable instant, targeted reach to all employees with push notifications tailored to their needs. Companies that adopt a digital Community powered by Humand experience an enriched work environment, heightened employee camaraderie, and a surge in productivity, all contributing to a thriving and connected workforce.
4849. coblocks : Coblocks is a thoughtfully-designed data platform that helps teams write queries and automate workflows faster. We understand the columns, tables, and relationships in your data and use them to help anyone on your team build pipelines with AI, SQL and Python. Think of us like Zapier plus Cursor for data engineering. Here’s how we’re different: • All-in-one: You can get started in 2 minutes – no setup or configuration required. We have one-click integrations, warehousing, transformation, and schedules all built in. • Seamless integrations: Plug in your Postgres database, Stripe transactions, Hubspot leads, or any other data source, without writing code to keep things in sync. • Thoughtful AI: We love Cursor and we love data – we combined the two to help you write accurate queries. We use existing metadata to help you create new datasets, connect sources, fix errors, or edit in place. • Collaborative: Easily share data and discover what others in your org have built as a starting place for your analysis. Wrap common blocks of logic with templates so your team never has to start from zero. • Resilient and Scalable: Our compute engine is lightning-fast for queries and builds. Git and branching are built-in for both code and data, so you can time-travel backwards when things break. You can start with GBs and grow to TBs.
4850. mednet : The Mednet is a physician-only Q&A platform for expert answers to real world clinical questions. With medical knowledge evolving faster than ever before, theMednet addresses the gap between textbooks and real-patient experience. At theMednet, more than 1,500 expert physicians across numerous medical specialties help answer questions that go beyond textbooks and guidelines. Our platform documents undocumented medical knowledge, while making it accessible and easily searchable to all physicians. We know patients with access to experts have better outcomes. By providing physicians with relevant, up-to-date expert knowledge, their patients benefit from the best care possible.
4851. vogent : Vogent is an all-in-one platform for building voice agents by using intelligent building blocks, including IVR detection models, custom phone-ready LLMs, drag-and-drop conversational flow builders, and more.
4852. lockitron : Apigy is the developer of Lockitron, a device which can lock and unlock deadbolt locks via remote control or a mobile device.
4853. portal-entryways : 
4854. moreta : At Moreta, we simplify payments for international travelers, letting you pay for anything using just your phone. Say goodbye to the hassle of searching for the best cash exchange rates or ATMs on your next trip. With Moreta, paying local merchants is easy, and the best part? Transparent fees. We came up with Moreta while on our own backpacking adventures. Watching locals pay with a simple scan while we fumbled with cards and cash. So, we created a solution. By syncing with local payment networks, Moreta lets you pay like a local—securely and digitally—without needing a bank account in every country. We’re starting in Asia, where QR code digital wallets are taking over and are now the top choice at checkout. As these wallets start to join forces for cross-border payments, Moreta will be the first to bridge the gap for international travelers from card-centric markets to seamlessly tap into these local networks. Moreta will target 67 million travelers arriving in the region each year, who together have $127 billion in everyday expenditure.
4855. dime : As developers, we’re constantly going through the cycle of starting to write tests, deciding we can’t prioritize them because we need to ship new features, and then running into bugs in production as a result. Autotest lets you build comprehensive integration tests for your website with basically no work on your part, so you get the benefits of testing without wasting dev time on it.
4856. laminate : 
4857. inconvo : Inconvo makes it easy for developers to add Ask AI for customer-facing analytics so that users can ask questions on their data in natural language. With Inconvo shipping AI-first analytics is easy, simply send a user question to our API which responds with a chart, table or text. Inconvo connects to your database to automatically retrieve the right data to answer your users’ questions. Then, you’re in charge of presenting the responses to your users in a way that fits your design. Inconvo is purpose-built to overcome the challenges of AI for customer-facing analytics, providing tools that handle multi-tenancy, database access control, AI evaluation, and a semantic layer that maps business terms to database labels.
4858. arc-2 : Arc empowers startups with a better banking experience. With Arc, you can store deposits, schedule and manage payments, diversify cash across asset classes, and access non-dilutive financing all in one place. Arc is based in San Francisco and is funded by Left Lane Capital, NFX, Bain Capital Ventures, Clocktower Technology Ventures, Torch Capital, and Y Combinator, among others. To learn more, visit www.arc.tech.
4859. joe : Joe is building a innovative and flexible DtoC Buy Now Pay Later App in Europe powered by Tech📲. In Europe, only 15% of e-commerce have integrated BNPL solutions and consumers don’t have access to installments very easily. Within Joe app and our virtual card you can buy now pay later on any store without any technical integration. And if you already made your purchase, you can be refunded and get 3 installments
4860. pigeon : Pigeon makes it easy for businesses to collect documents from their clients. Instead of having to make client portal accounts or create new Dropbox folders every time you need documents, with Pigeon you can send an itemized upload checklist in a few clicks.
4861. datree : Prevent Kubernetes misconfigurations from reaching production with Datree’s automated policy checks for your pipeline. The open-source CLI tool empowers engineers to write more stable and secure configurations, and further supports them in their roles so they can actually sleep at night. By revealing misconfigurations in seconds and combating the issues in early stages of the pipeline, your organization can enforce its standards and secure its infrastructure from development to production.
4862. pivot-robotics : Pivot Robotics makes AI software for robotic arms that helps manufacturers automate their most labor intensive tasks. We are starting out with the dangerous task of metal grinding and are currently deploying our software on 10+ robots in a cast-iron foundry.
4863. nunu-ai : nunu.ai is building the first multimodal agent to test and play games. We infuse AI agents into the game development process, starting at QA all the way to player simulation.
4864. bulletin : Bulletin is a small business community that allows independent brands and retailers to connect, transact, and grow together.
4865. vathys : Previously: Building machine learning hardware 10X faster than ASICs. After Pivot: Accelerating deep learning through software YC Winter 2018.
4866. writewith : Writewith is a collaborative writing web app, enabling you to easily flow through the steps of writing, editing, and publishing a document with a group. A document is started by uploading an existing document (.doc, .txt, .rdf) or just typing away. After the initial draft is completed, you can invite other editors by email and assign them tasks. Writewith has full version control and even lets you post comments to each other, making it possible to edit together in real time. Currently Writewith is in beta testing with 15 college newspapers including Stanford and two of Canada's largest college papers (which even includes a national newswire).
4867. opensight : OpenSight helps companies quickly scale up their support function and resolve customers' questions much faster. With the latest advancement in LLMs, OpenSight offers accurate answers and action resolution paths resolving >70% of inbound customer inquiries.
4868. zelos : 
4869. featurepeek : FeaturePeek creates supercharged deployment previews of your frontend that you can share to quickly get feedback on your implementation in progress. A drawer overlay is added on top of your site that makes it easy for your reviewers to take screenshots with annotations, capture screen recordings, leave comments, create tickets on popular bug-tracking platforms, and more. You get this functionality just by deploying to FeaturePeek — no dependencies or code changes needed.
4870. frey : FREY is a line premium clothing care products meticulously designed to smell better, treat clothing better, and generally be better: for the user, for others, for the planet. FREY was is revolutionizing a long-standing industry. We are bringing clothing care and household products into the 21st century, breaking down outdated gender stereotypes, bringing fashion into a realm that has not experienced it before, and making a philanthropic impact all the while. FREY products use formulations that are safer for the environment, and has created a Wash for Wash program, where for every bottle purchased, the clothing of someone in need, from the homeless to low-income families, is washed, as part of our philanthropy-focused mission.
4871. loom : 
4872. lucidic-ai : As AI agents take on more complex tasks, ensuring reliability, accuracy, and efficiency is critical. Lucidic's Agentlytics provides tools for developers and engineers to test, debug, and optimize AI agents at scale, giving you full visibility into their decision-making. Modify prompts and re-run tests/simulations, watch step-by-step video replays of your agent’s execution, compare different models and configurations side by side, and visualize decision trees to prevent failures before they happen. Make sure your agents operate smoothly, adapt to changes, and perform as expected in real-world deployments.
4873. marketbrief : MarketBrief analyzes 30,000+ trusted documents per day looking for relevant business headlines and breaking news all within fractions of a second.
4874. patchwork-security : We’re taking everything we know as security engineers, automating it, and making it easy for everyone to use.
4875. speechly : Speechly makes it cost efficient to understand human conversations, in real-time. We do this by enabling high-accuracy spoken language understanding processed right on the end user’s device. Hundreds of millions of hours of audio data are generated every single day online. Speechly is the first solution that can affordably turn this audio into actionable insights.
4876. modern-fertility : We're a women’s health company making personalized reproductive health information more accessible, earlier in life. We make the same laboratory tests that were previously confined to fertility clinics more accessible for women at home. By arming women with powerful information about their reproductive health, Modern Fertility is closing the fertility information gap and enabling women to own the decisions impacting their bodies and futures. We've raised $22 million from Forerunner Ventures, Maveron, Union Square Ventures, First Round Capital, #Angels and Y Combinator.
4877. quill : React Library, API, and Management Toolkit, purpose built for customer-facing dashboards.
4878. truebill : Rocket Money (formerly Truebill) is a leading personal finance app that analyzes members' spending habits, identifies inefficiencies, and offers immediate methods to improve their financial health. It enables people to optimize their spending, manage subscriptions, lower their bills, and automatically set aside money to reach their savings goals. Truebill has saved members more than $100 million since 2016 and is headquartered in Silver Spring, Maryland, with offices in San Francisco. Truebill's mission is to empower people to live their best financial lives. Truebill offers members a unique understanding of their finances and a suite of valuable services that save them time and money - ultimately giving them a leg up on their financial journey. Truebill is backed by Accel, Bessemer Venture Partners, Eldridge Industries, and YCombinator.
4879. bayesline : Bayesline is building a GPU-powered financial analytics suite for institutional investors, like hedge funds. Clients use our cloud deployed solution to build custom analytics in seconds, having previously been frustrated with off the shelf solutions that don't generate any alpha. What used to take weeks or months now happens near instantly. Sebastian, CFA (ex Bloomberg Quant & AI Research) and Misha, PhD (ex BlackRock Managing Director) met while working at BlackRock in 2016. With a combined 20 years of experience in the space they set out to change the way the industry uses analytics - from one size doesn't fit all to truly tailored to clients' needs.
4880. kivo : The easiest way to work with someone else on a document. Kivo is a plugin that makes it incredibly easy to edit a document with other people. It allows you to share edits and store versions of a document without ever leaving your editing application - eg. PowerPoint.
4881. statwing : Web-based statistical analysis software that speaks in plain english instead of arcane stats jargon.
4882. patchwork : Patchwork replaces your inefficient Slack with an intelligent feed personalized for each team member with all of their daily updates, design and engineering discussions, and announcements.
4883. zipx : We are a group of expats in Hong Kong that want easy and affordable access to buy the products we love from back home. Snacks, foods, health products, and other daily essentials that we miss are either not found in Hong Kong, or are too expensive to buy. We were faced with bad alternatives such as overpriced grocery stores, or expensive package forwarding companies. We believe that with the help of technology, anyone should be able to buy anything from around the world at an affordable price. We are on a mission to make international commerce seamless.
4884. movity : Movity provides location-based living facilities and neighborhood data that help home buyers make better decisions. Movity.com surfaces geodata (crime, noise, pricing, etc) to help home buyers make better decisions. The company was founded in 2010 and is based in San Francisco, California.
4885. taali-inc : 
4886. booksolid : 
4887. knowmia : Knowmia is a destination for learning that features short video lessons from great teachers everywhere. We help you to find what you need to succeed in school in a personal, affordable, and time-efficient way. By bringing together a wide range of video lessons and making it easy to find what you need, we help you with challenging topics, prepare you for an upcoming test or new course, and find the right teacher for your style of learning.
4888. enveloop : A developer-focused message builder and API that makes it easy to send emails and texts from your app using one simple implementation. We’re doing for mailer libraries what Prisma does for ORMs.
4889. sculpt : Artificial Intelligence that converts manufacturing drawings into costing quotations in minutes, not weeks.
4890. bracket : Bracket is the two-way data pipeline between popular business tools and backend databases. When ops teams update data in Salesforce or Airtable, and engineers update data in the database, Bracket connects the two sources to reflect the same information.
4891. kamcord : Our core thesis at Kamcord was that people do very interesting things on their phone screen but don't have a good way to capture and share those moments. We've built 3 products in 5 years: - A mobile gameplay recording SDK that was on 200M devices at its peak - A live streaming community that reached 2M MAU and $2M ARR off virtual goods - A mobile social app focused on editing and sharing screenshots and screen recordings
4892. synch : Your Sales and Sales Ops team in a unified platform. No setup, Salesforce SSO and go.
4893. evry-health : We build health insurance for mid-sized companies that costs 20% less and provides more effective medical care.
4894. treehouse : Treehouse is an online technology school that offers beginner to advanced courses in web design, web development, mobile development and game development taught by a team of expert teachers. Its courses are aimed at beginners looking to learn coding skills and embark on a career in the tech industry. In May 2016, Treehouse launched the Techdegree program, a comprehensive learning program focused on helping people learn the skills they need to start a tech career. Through earning a Techdegree certification, a student will challenge themselves, deepen their skills, and prove their knowledge to potential employers. All in 6-12 months, on their own schedule. Treehouse believes that understanding, communicating with and controlling technology is a fundamental skill that everyone should have the opportunity to learn. Through learning with Treehouse, each student is given the opportunity to learn the valuable skills they need — whether they have existing, little or no previous experience — to confidently take control of their future.
4895. caviar : Caviar delivers the best restaurants. We partner directly with restaurants to bring food to customers across the country — whether dining for one or 100. Customers can order ahead on the web, or instantly from the Caviar app for iOS and Android. Caviar is part of Square’s full suite of tools for businesses, enabling restaurants across the country to reach more customers, grow sales and expand reach. We deliver from the best restaurants in Boston, Brooklyn & Queens, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Manhattan, Philadelphia & Greater Philadelphia, Portland, Sacramento, Seattle, San Francisco Bay Area (including East Bay, Peninsula, Marin & South Bay), and Washington D.C.
4896. ion-design : ion design is re-imagining how front end works. For early stage companies, ion allows you to describe a UI in text & get react code that’s tailor-made to your business. ion understands your design system and codebase to generate designs that are beautiful and code that’s easy to work with. Once you've scaled and hired a designer, ion offers a pipeline that automatically converts Figma designs into clean React code that's tailor-fitted to your codebase. We re-use your existing components and variables from your codebase in our generations and can automatically generate PRs and merge conflicts from Figma.
4897. sirdab : Sirdab is a tech-ops focused startup offering cloud warehousing and transportation / logistics solutions. We have built an end-to-end logistics platform that allows businesses to acquire dry, ambient, chilled and frozen warehousing space within 48 hours as well as manage, optimize and distribute inventory via a single platform.
4898. chatter : Chatter is Postman for LLMs. Our platform helps companies and developers test their LLM models. Iterate on prompts, run them across model families and evaluate them against test cases – all in one place. With collaboration features, engineers can design LLM chains while QA can write test cases.
4899. urodev-medical : Spinal Singularity designs connected medical devices to improve the quality of life for people with Spinal Cord Injury and Disease (SCI/D). Our first product, the Connected Catheter, will revolutionize the way people deal with Neurogenic Bladder and Urinary Incontinence.
4900. oneshop : 
4901. caper : Caper focuses on compacting Amazon-Go's technology (image recognition, sensor fusion and artificial intelligence) into a smart shopping cart, allowing each shopper to throw her groceries into the cart and self-checkout without cashiers. The technology is looking to fundamentally transform physical retail and rapidly scale into existing grocery stores.
4902. tai : TAI is an investing app that helps millennial investors trade and manage all their existing accounts from a single app. TAI uses algorithms and market themes to help users discover actionable insights on how to improve their portfolios using ETFs.
4903. realcrowd : RealCrowd puts the power of commercial real estate investing into your hands. This unique crowd based equity platform was created by experienced commercial real estate investment professionals to allow you to decide where your money is invested by offering direct investments. Pooling your money with other like-minded investors and working with a seasoned real estate operator with the skills, knowledge and experience to optimize the asset will remove the traditional barriers to entry that typically exist in commercial real estate investing.
4904. smobi : Smobi is an AI powered conversational marketing platform that helps e-commerce brands increase sales and improve their customer relationships via interactive SMS messages.
4905. natero : Natero helps Customer Success Managers reduce churn, increase expansion, and manage more accounts with less effort. Natero is the only Customer Success solution to combine predictive analytics, customer intelligence, and workflow management in a unified platform. This next generation solution helps B2B software providers prioritize, automate, and scale their Customer Success processes.
4906. bueno-finance : Credit building platform for next billion users. We offer digital credit card over UPI
4907. encepheal-therapeutics : EncepHeal is developing medications to treat substance abuse. Our first product is a small molecule therapeutic for stimulants like cocaine and methamphetamine, of which there are no FDA approved treatments. Our small molecule technology are atypical inhibitors of the dopamine transporter. Cocaine itself is an inhibitor of the same transporter. Directly reducing craving or positive reinforcement is a successful treatment strategy for addiction. Methadone or buprenorphine (Suboxone) are key examples of this for opioid use disorder. However, these types of medications can be addictive themselves. This has been a major hurdle for medication development for cocaine addiction and has led to many leaders in the addiction space to abandon the dopamine transporter as a target. At EncepHeal, we believe that the dopamine transporter should not be abandoned and instead focusing on fixing the abuse liability problem. Therefore with our partners at the National Institutes of Health, we have shown that these new, allosteric modulators at the dopamine transporter do not display addictive tendencies in animal models. They are also effective at curbing cocaine addiction. Our management team has two co-founders, Omeed Rahimi and Aaron Lazarus, as well as an experienced addiction pharmacologist as their research officer. The team has an advisory board with entrepreneurial and addiction drug development experience as well as expert partners at the National Institute on Drug Abuse, a subset of the NIH, and Wake Forest. Our team has had success in raising non-dilutive funding and has expertise with SBIR/STTR grants. We are looking for help in better connecting with the biotech/pharmaceutical industry.
4908. tivara : 
4909. cracked : Playground for Movement
4910. dailydoctor : Telehealth clinic that monitors patients with chronic conditions and prevents their hospitalization.
4911. meldium : The easiest way for companies to connect their empoyees to the apps they need. Meldium is a YC-backed startup helping teams & companies manage accounts & passwords for cloud apps. From shared passwords to user provisioning, Meldium is a central dashboard that connects to every cloud app and makes it simple to create, edit and remove user accounts across all of them. All without IT.
4912. nextop : Nextop IO is a mobile content delivery network (CDN) that optimizes the path between mobile applications and back ends. It offers a client-side networking library that integrates with iOS and Android operating systems; network of proxies that speaks a custom protocol to optimize delivery times, throughput, and data and battery usage; and metrics to visually monitor and debug connection quality in its users’ applications. Nextop IO was launched in 2014.
4913. bxblue : bxblue is a Y Combinator backed (S17) Personal loan marketplace for pensioners and government workers with guaranteed income in Brazil. bxblue is taking this $80 billion market online.
4914. thorntale : Thorntale automates the creation and updating of customer review decks, enabling post-sales teams to build presentations in minutes instead of hours. Simply paste a URL into a slide to instantly create a brand-colored chart in your deck. The charts are interactive and modifiable mid-presentation, allowing you to answer customer questions on the spot and adjust charts without needing to consult the data team.
4915. plato : Plato turns the company's engineering and product managers into better leaders. We help resolve challenging management situation as they arise, in real-time thanks to video one-on-one conversations, AMAs, and more with experienced technical leaders form Google,Netflix, Lyft, Box, etc.
4916. cue : Cue (formerly Greplin) is a free service that helps people make the most of their day. Cue intelligently ties together and surfaces useful information at the right time from the accounts they use most, including email, contacts, and calendar. People can see their entire day at a glance or simultaneously search across all of their accounts with Cue.
4917. cardinal-gray : Cardinal Gray offers software to automate workflows in vehicle title and registration. Auto lenders and dealerships use our software to accelerate title work, improve customer experiences, and detect fraud.
4918. preki : Preki creates easy to use e-commerce solutions for local businesses in LatAm, you can think of us as Shopify for LatAm. Setting up an online business in LatAm is expensive, hard to learn and time consuming. With us, all businesses have to do is follow an onboarding process and add products - no code or design involved. This process takes less than 30 seconds and users can start selling immediately.
4919. ryse : Ryse is the only marketplace where investors who want to buy leases can trade with real estate operators who want to sell leases.
4920. deepsilicon : 
4921. senso : Senso is building an AI-powered knowledge base for customer support, starting in the Credit Union space. Our product reduces contact time by over 10x by enabling support teams to make decisions about customer requests in seconds. Bringing service automation to the financial services industry is a $6B opportunity, and we’re building for all regulated industries where Senso's founders have spent over a decade building enterprise software.
4922. passerine-aircraft : Passerine Aircraft develops electric-powered aircraft that can attain flight speed using a jumping mechanism.
4923. tellfi : Fastest, easiest way to setup a phone system for your business. We take something that has traditionally been painful and expensive, and make it available to everyone. The easiest way to set up a phone system for your business. All the features you want in a business phone system – including extensions, forwarding & voicemail – online for as little as $10 a month.
4924. dreamerly : 
4925. innovein : 
4926. registrylove : The first wedding registry to co-operate with independent retailers & big box stores, RegistryLove lets you register products and services from anywhere & consolidate them all onto ONE registry. From traditional department store items, to local gems you wouldn't find anywhere else, to your dream honeymoon & activities, RegistryLove is a service tailored to _you_.
4927. luminist-labs : Luminist developed a non-invasive diagnostic test for the early detection and staging of liver fibrosis and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH). Luminist was acquired in 2020 by DiscernDx.
4928. cloudstitch : Cloudstitch is an early-stage, venture-backed, Y Combinator start-up serving the developer community based on research started at MIT. Their web developer platform connects webs/mobile apps with ordinary spreadsheets, replacing custom databases and the infrastructure surrounding it. The data flows both ways: updating your spreadsheet automatically changes the website, and interacting with the website changes your spreadsheet. They’re used in production by thousands of web developers on both the Google and Microsoft Office platforms. Their mission is to democratize the web, making web development simpler. faster, and more intuitive.
4929. zeromailer : 
4930. blendspace : Over 10,000 schools are using Blendspace as the easiest way to create and deliver digital lessons that adapt to students needs. Teachers use Blendspace's intuitive drag-and-drop interface and content partnerships to build lessons in 5 minutes. With its built-in assessments, lesson tacking and simple sharing, Blendspace is the go-to learning and teaching tool in over 150,000 classrooms. Classrooms are rapidly going digital and we are on the path to power each of them.
4931. lingodotdev : Lingo.dev (formerly Replexica) automates the localization process end-to-end. It produces authentic translations instantly and eliminates translation management and manual work. Our AI generates pull requests with translations when developers commit UI code changes, avoiding the typical back-and-forth with translation agencies. This helps teams do localization 100x faster, ship to production more often, without bottlenecks.
4932. corveus-medical : Our device catheter-based device is able to safely perform a targeted nerve ablation in the upper abdomen. Cardiologists are concerned about collateral tissue damage in ablation procedures - our probe not only targets a very specific area, but also confirms that it’s done correctly.
4933. breaker : Breaker is a podcast listening and discovery application. Most podcasts are free, but serious publishers are spending big budgets to make high quality audio content like Serial, which hit 100 million downloads and made podcasts mainstream. 67 million Americans are already listening to podcasts a month. Breaker wants to sign exclusive deals to distribute the best premium podcasts and charge users $6 per month. First, its goal is to build a huge listener audience by making the best podcast consumption app. It launched today, and will offer podcasters ways to connect and get feedback from their community, and analytics about what content performs best. It has a stunning 67% retention rate after a month for beta users. If it can convince people to pay for what’s often free, it could become the preferred place for podcasters to talk.
4934. beep : Beep makes small, cloud-connected wireless sensors that run on batteries for 10 years. Just place a Beep Sensor where you want it and your data shows up in the cloud. Beep Sensors report their location (GPS), temperature, moisture, pressure, altitude, and motion. They have ports to plug in any other type of sensor you want (e.g., gas, soil, microphone, or camera).
4935. zaraz : Zaraz makes any website 40% faster with a single line of code, by optimizing how it loads third-party tools. This results in 2x conversion rates and better SEO rankings.
4936. xberts : Xberts is an online shopping community that helps people find the best daily deals, get money-saving tips from experts, win reward points for Free Gift Redemption and more. Millions of users have joined our community to explore and share special offers every day, which makes Xberts your go-to destination for online shopping! We're an international startup company backed by leading investors from both Silicon Valley and Asia including Y Combinator, YCVC Fund, Plug&Play, AV Capital, M&S Partners, Monad Ventures, Dropbox's Early Employee, etc. In 2017, Xberts was recognized by Forbes as one of the "Top10 Startups Using Tech to Change People's Lives in Asia". For more details, please visit our website at: www.xberts.com
4937. aerofs : AeroFS enterprise file sync and share & collaboration solution deploys on your infrastructure. Your files remain secured by your own security protocols, removing the risk associated with relying on your vendors to secure your data. The service has a Dropbox like user experience. Now, both the end user and the IT team can both get what they are looking for out of a file sharing tool. We are funded by some of Silicon Valley's best investors and entrepreneurs: Avalon Ventures A16Z Seed YCombinator SVAngel Chris Sacca (Lowercase Capital) Maynard Webb (COO eBay) Jerry Yang (Founder Yahoo!) Paul Buchheit (Founder FriendFeed) We're hiring! https://aerofs.com/company/careers You will have the opportunity to work as part of a small team. This means that you will be "CEO" of whatever you create. Our size gives us agility in ways that large companies do not have: We push out code almost daily (on a desktop platform!) to thousands of users. We're not just building a company; we're building a family. Many of us are new to the area, so company trips, get togethers, and BBQs are par for the course!
4938. heysan : Heysan was a free mobile messaging and community based in San Francisco, California. Initially Heysan provided free messaging between phones and computers, bridging IM with SMS. The service expanded into launching a mobile community and has over 1 million users doing tens of million of monthly messages. In the summer of 2007 Heysan raised a seed round from Khosla Ventures and Atomico, the venture funds of Vinod Khosla and Niklas Zennstrom. Heysan was acquired by Good Technology in May 2009.
4939. newcope : Virtual goods commerce
4940. pengram : Pengram is an indoor navigation application to allow anyone to map a building using just a phone and set up waypoints. Anyone can navigate in the building through Pengram to established waypoints. We primarily focus on helping fire protection, HVAC, and security technicians to locate devices scattered in a building during field work.
4941. urx : URX empowers publishers to monetize mobile content and enables advertisers to drive mobile commerce. The world's most forward-thinking companies use URX to connect users directly to relevant commerce experiences. URX is headquartered in San Francisco and has raised $15M from Accel, Google Ventures, First Round Capital, SV Angel and Y Combinator.
4942. pulse-2 : Pulse is a startup building a crowdsourced knowledge marketplace for C-Suite Technology executives and the vendors that work with them. With nearly 15,000 C-Suite execs already on the Pulse platform and hundreds being added on a daily basis, Pulse is set to change how B2B decisions are made. Companies like Salesforce, Microsoft, Okta and Dialpad already rely on Pulse to turbocharge their strategy, content and marketing teams on a daily basis and as we build out our products, we are excited about what the future holds.
4943. aurabeat : We make Air Purifier and filters that is certified to eliminate COVID-19 and most other viruses and bacteria. Our technology is independently lab tested, EPA certified and FDA registered. Our air purifiers are already found in homes, businesses and government facilities around the world to help protect their customers and employees from airborne pathogens.
4944. templarbit : Developer-oriented security platform, helping small and large companies protect their software from malicious activityDeveloper-oriented security platform, helping small and large companies protect their software from malicious activity
4945. pachyderm : Pachyderm is a tool for production data pipelines. If you need to chain together data scraping, ingestion, cleaning, munging, wrangling, processing, modeling, and analysis in a sane way, then Pachyderm is for you. If you have an existing set of scripts which do this in an ad-hoc fashion and you're looking for a way to "productionize" them, Pachyderm can make this easy for you.
4946. clew : Clew lets employees see and organize files across their work apps from one place.
4947. py : Py is democratizing access to career opportunities in tech. Our iOS and Android apps have been featured in the App Store & Google Play Store and we've provided millions of lessons and quizzes to our users. We are changing the way that educational content is delivered and modernizing traditional online teaching tools. We launched Py for Work to level the playing field for candidates and empower companies to take a skills-based approach to hiring. Our platform enables companies to assess candidates using real-world assessments, not brain teasers. We’re helping industry leaders like LiveRamp, Amplitude, and Factual approach hiring based on merit, not resume keywords.
4948. datarank : DataRank is a leading social analytics company. We monitor online conversation so that our customers can gather valuable comments and insights about their brand. We have demonstrated success with Fortune 100 companies who use DataRank for consumer insights. From increasing distribution and revenue to protecting their brand’s reputation, DataRank has assisted many companies with their marketing strategy. Our dedicated social analytics platform offers a variety of tools to help businesses perform competitive analysis before releasing a new product, monitor the social media conversation about their brand, track a social media campaign, and much more. DataRank is constantly looking for ways to be innovative in the industry. Most social media monitoring tools use Boolean-like languages but we have developed our own powerful matching language called Fizzle (Fast Scalable Searching Language), which more easily allows the user to search for phrases without gathering irrelevant data. We have a very active blog and social media presence where you can see our social media monitoring at work. Follow this page to see our updates! Company details
4949. fairway-health : Fairway Health is an AI-assistant for health insurers to quickly process patient treatment authorizations. We use LLMs to analyze long (70+ page), messy medical records and determine if a patient is eligible for a treatment.
4950. remy-2 : Remy is a free AI-powered video answer engine that changes the way you consume the world’s videos. Unlike traditional video search engines that provide a list of full-length videos, Remy finds the exact moments within these videos that answer your questions.
4951. lifecast : We make tools for state-of-the-art 3D VR video, which fix motion sickness for a more comfortable and immersive experience. Our team's experience includes building VR cameras at Facebook, and robot perception systems at Lyft and Google X.
4952. whereoscope : Whereoscope is a service designed to help parents keep know where their kids are. Whereoscope uses smartphones and an intelligent sampling algorithm to provide the best possible accuracy without draining the battery. Whereoscope enables location-based geo-fencing so that parents can know when their kids arrive at school, leave soccer practice, or are just about to get home.
4953. balto : Our product significantly reduces the amount of time and manual labor necessary for those that are tasked with managing these contests. We give them the easiest tools to manage, track, and communicate with 100s or 1,000s of players.
4954. newscatcher : We help data & risk enterprise teams get instant access to news and events from over 40,000 news sources. Our main product is a News API to search through an indexed database of online-published news articles in near real-time. “Humans reading the news” is not a scalable way for enterprises to analyse news, and it’s expensive. We help enterprises shift the news consumption from just reading to integrating actionable signals into their internal workflow.
4955. pathrise : Pathrise is a career accelerator where you don't pay unless you land a job. Job seekers sign up for Pathrise to get weekly career coaching, access the Pathrise network and use our job search automation software.
4956. ontra-mobility : Ontra Mobility is founded by two former Googler engineers with PhDs in operations research. Ontra helps cities and other transit agencies increase ridership through data-driven planning and real-time optimization. The founders developed the software that powered MARTA Reach in Atlanta, GA and CAT SMART in Savannah, GA.
4957. forge-rewards : 
4958. govpredict : You work in government affairs? Keep it all at your fingertips. Every bill. Every meeting. Every report. Every mention. Get more work done.
4959. measured : Measured is a telemedicine platform helping people with chronic conditions get access to affordable care. We're growing rapidly and have thousands of customers across the US.
4960. functionup-fanplay : A technical placement bootcamp in the Income Sharing Model. We train top tech talent with 0 upfront fee and place them across our partner companies. Also our program has a deep social impact. We provide special assistance to women and unemployed youth in India- both economically and socially.
4961. simplecitizen : SimpleCitizen is here to make applying for citizenship in the United States as simple as filling out an online application for a job. Taking 20 minutes to answer just 20 questions can save you thousands in lawyer fees. SimpleCitizen is here to help you make the most important decision in your life SIMPLE.
4962. picurio : Picurio is web-based photo sharing and photo management software.
4963. picolab : 
4964. observa : 
4965. study-edge : Study Edge is a leading education company that develops and distributes customized content (primarily video) for courses at the middle-school, high-school, and collegiate levels, in partnership with universities, state education agencies, and other institutions.
4966. typedream : Let AI turn your ideas into a website in minutes. Get content, structure, and style done for you, ready to edit and publish instantly.
4967. autohub : AutoHub is a marketplace for automotive wholesale transactions. AutoHub is a transparent, efficient, convenient and cost-efficient digital auction platform.
4968. people-ai : People.ai accelerates enterprise growth through the power of AI. Founded in 2016 on the premise that AI and machine learning technologies can help automate CRM functions that humans often leave behind, it has grown into a platform that powers actionable insights across go-to-market functions. The platform has become the cornerstone of decision-making for enterprises such as Zoom, PTC, and Hexagon PPM, eliminating guesswork to create an unprecedented level of intelligence for those and other businesses looking to grow and thrive in a competitive digital landscape. People.ai does this by automating the ingestion of GTM data from primary sources like email systems. We then translate this information into actionable insights that help sellers, marketers, and operations leaders deliver more pipeline growth that leads directly into revenue and margin growth. We call it our next-generation revenue engine, which helps companies accelerate opportunities and close deals faster.
4969. creative-market : Creative Market is a marketplace for ready-to-use design assets, including fonts, graphics, templates, add-ons, photos, and themes, from independent creators around the world.
4970. rainforest : No-code platform for end-to-end, automated software testing that integrates with any CI/CD pipeline. Improve quality and move faster without a QA team. We have a sweet YC deal.
4971. skydropx : We automate the shipping process for businesses. Our “AI Dispatch” makes it easier to select, buy/print shipping labels, track, estimate drop-off times and handle returns. We enable companies to own the entire experience from shopping cart to delivery.
4972. firebase : Firebase is a mobile platform that gives developers the tools and infrastructure to build better apps and grow successful businesses Firebase was acquired by Google in October, 2014. Learn more at firebase.google.com
4973. mutable-ai : Mutable.ai is automating corporations starting by automating software and software understanding. Our product auto wiki (https://wiki.mutable.ai/kubernetes/kubernetes, https://twitter.com/mutableai/status/1744426997575553413) turns code into wikipedia style articles with citations to the code is the best way to understand complex technologies
4974. karoo : Canadians have not benefitted from fintech innovations in the last 10 years. They are stuck with a banking oligopoly and limited access to tech-first financial offerings (a lot of products still require you going to a branch in person!). We're fixing this.
4975. crocodoc : Crocodoc developed the world's most advanced web-based document viewing and collaboration technology for Microsoft Office and PDF files, built on open standards such as HTML5 and CSS3. Whether viewing a document, adding comments to a presentation, highlighting an e-textbook, or filling out a form, we make it easy for companies to create amazing experiences for their users with technology that is secure, scalable, and trusted by top brands in the consumer and enterprise space. Every month users upload millions of documents to Crocodoc, whose customers include top brands such as Dropbox, Yammer, LinkedIn, SAP, and Edmodo. Crocodoc was founded in 2007 and is funded by Y Combinator, SV Angel, 500 Startups, and top angel investors including Joshua Schachter, Paul Buchheit, Steve Chen, and Shan Sinha.
4976. chute : hute powers enterprise UGC for brands, agencies and publishers – from discovering consumer photos and videos, both with visual and text search, to the ideation, production, and amplification of compelling visual material. Chute works with some of the world’s biggest brands and publishers including Benefit Cosmetics, NBCUniversal, adidas, Brown-Forman, Condé Nast, NBA, United Nations, New York Times, and Ford. For more information, visit www.getchute.com. You can reach us anytime at hello@getchute.com. We look forward to hearing from you!
4977. soylent : Rosa Foods, maker of Soylent and Coffiest, is a pioneer in food technology, delivering nutritionally-complete staple meals that provide all the essential nutrients required to fuel the human body. Rosa Foods believes in managing the Company and the product by never being complacent and staying on the cutting edge of food technology and nutrition. Working at Rosa Foods you’ll have a platform to build cool things that positively affect the world with fun and dedicated people. Rosa Foods products are produced with sustainability and efficiency in mind to create a convenient, nutritious, and affordable meal that is better for our health and the environment. We also have raised over $75M in funding from Google Ventures, Andreessen Horowitz, Lerer Ventures, and Y-Combinator. This enables us to offer the benefits of a larger organization while still maintaining the best qualities of a startup. You’ll be able to help grow our small creative team and contribute your ideas to build this exciting brand. The company is headquartered in Los Angeles, CA.
4978. indivio : Indivio's video creative automation capabilities enable modern marketing teams to more easily deliver dynamic video experiences that improve business outcomes.
4979. readworks : ReadWorks offers free, research-based, classroom-proven lessons and online training to help K-6 teachers explicitly teach the component skills and strategies of reading comprehension, while also supporting the much needed development of background knowledge and vocabulary.
4980. bountii : Bountii is a price search startup that has built a search engine capable of finding shoppers lower and more accurate prices than any existing price comparison service. Currently supplying consumers with pricing information on electronics and appliances, Bountii aims to expand its service to make buying any product online at the best price an effortless experience. Bountii was founded in the Summer of 2007 by Samir Meghani and John Puskarich. Initial investment was provided by Y Combinator, a venture firm that specializes in funding early stage startups.
4981. twitch : Twitch is the world’s leading video platform and community for gamers. More than 100 million gamers gather every month to broadcast, watch and chat about gaming. Twitch’s video platform is the backbone of live and on-demand distribution for leading video game broadcasters including casual gamers, pro players, tournaments, leagues, developers and gaming media organizations. Twitch is leading a revolution in the gaming community, working to create a participatory experience that transcends gameplay. Learn more at http://twitch.tv.
4982. baraka : 💸Hey YC, we’re baraka (S21), an investment app built for people in the Middle East. 📱 Our product This is how we do it: • 6,000+ stocks and ETFs – the freedom to choose the companies and industries that you want to back • The power of financial literacy – educational content, digestible market news and in-depth stock analysis • Fractional Shares – the ability to start investing with smaller sums of money • Fair pricing – Transparent, low commission pricing model • Easy to use – intuitive user journey and interface 🕒 What's Next? The app is available in countries across MENA. Check out our website: getbaraka.com. Please reach out to give us feedback, discuss product, go-to-market strategy or anything else on founders@getbaraka.com. Feras & Kunal
4983. tola : Tola is the simple tool for SMBs to pay bills and get paid. On top of that, we help companies better manage their cashflow by allowing them to buy now and pay later expensive bills in exchange for a small fee.
4984. biographicon : 
4985. emote : Dynadot is a domain name registrar and webhost. Our mission is to help customers register domain names and create websites simply and inexpensively.
4986. tenant-turner : Tenant Turner helps property managers eliminate vacancy. We streamline your rental process from leads to lease by listing your rentals on all the major rental sites; pre-qualifying prospects via web, phone, and email; and schedule showings with a leasing agent, lockbox, or lock.
4987. dench-com : Our Voice AI Agent streamlines lead qualification for high-volume law firms, efficiently handling initial client screening.
4988. lumi : Lumi.com provides packaging and shipping supplies to online brands, from small businesses to leading ecommerce companies shipping millions of orders per month.
4989. sable : Sable is a digital banking platform and the only full-suite banking solution for internationals in the U.S., providing U.S. bank accounts, debit and credit cards. Newcomers to the U.S. can open a Sable account within five minutes, and start building their U.S. credit history from day 1, all without the need of an SSN or prior U.S. credit history. The Sable app is available on iOS and Android.
4990. metapacket : Metapacket is a proxy platform that detects & prevents malwares from exfiltration. Effectively rendering malware useless.
4991. vayable : Vayable makes it easy to discover and book unique experiences and activities worldwide offered by independent companies and local experts. What do you want to do when you get there? Let us know! it's easy to list and discover new trips! Just go to http://vayable.com.
4992. medcrypt : MedCrypt has developed a security toolkit that allows medical device developers to focus on diagnosing and treating disease, while ensuring their devices comply with security regulations and best practices. And since each installation of our software communicates with our MedCrypt network, we can use machine learning-based transaction monitoring algorithms to detect anomalous behavior, thwarting attacks in real time. This centralization of transaction data allows us to facilitate "Threat Sharing" between device vendors, helping build a community of device vendors offering the most secure devices possible. MedCrypt protects medical devices against malicious hacking. Each installation of our software communicates with our MedCrypt network, allowing us to use machine learning-based transaction monitoring algorithms to detect anomalous behavior, thwarting attacks in real time. This centralization of transaction data allows us to facilitate "Threat Sharing" between device vendors, helping build a community of device vendors offering the most secure devices possible. If someone hacks your connected thermostat, you’re uncomfortable. If someone hacks your pacemaker, you could be dead. MedCrypt is bringing modern software security technologies to an important, but underserved technology sector.
4993. tuesday : First, build hyper-targeted B2B contact lists without needing any manual verification – we’ll verify the leads for you. Then, generate 1000s of personalized emails that get you 8x more replies within minutes using AI. **Reach more buyers with Triple-Verified contacts** Other data providers in the market sell you outdated contacts that waste your time. Tuesday offers unlimited triple-verified emails and mobile phone numbers to you at extremely low cost.All contact data are triple-verified at the time of request, making sure you can reach your buyers easily. **Book more meetings with AI-Personalized emails** Stop wasting your precious time “personalizing” emails and LinkedIn messages. You didn’t sign up for this job to read the “About” section of everyone’s LinkedIn profile.Tuesday seamlessly integrates with LinkedIn profile data and uses cutting-edge AI models to generate personalized emails – in seconds.Send hyper-relevant 1:1 messages based on your prospects pain and your company’s offering, automatically.
4994. two-tap : Two Tap is the first e-commerce gateway built to make online shopping experiences seamless across the entire web. Its robust platform, which incorporates a set of intelligence tools, eliminates the friction caused by today’s multi-channel path to purchase. With Two Tap, shoppers can order products from retailers, directly inside apps and across all devices and operating systems without lengthy checkout processes. For publishers and mobile app developers, Two Tap offers a single API that sets new reliability standards with a guarantee to never lose an order. Founded in 2012 with headquarters in San Francisco, Two Tap is a Y Combinator company backed by Khosla Ventures, Green Visor Capital, Initialized Capital, SV Angel, Digital Garage and Transmedia Capital. For more information, please visit https://twotap.com/ and follow @TwoTapBuy.
4995. archon : Government IT purchases account for 20% of the U.S. software market. Archon's SDK helps software companies sell to the government by cutting the federal compliance timeline (called FedRAMP) down from 16 to 6 months and cuts costs by $1M per company. Our product improves government efficiency and increases competition in this traditionally restrictive market by making compliance cheaper and more accessible for small tech companies. Email us at inquiries@archon.inc
4996. pipebio : Pipe|bio is the bioinformatics cloud for antibody / peptide screening & drug development. We enable scientists to analyze and manage massive amounts of DNA sequencing data themselves without the need for bioinformaticians or programmers. The software is highly visual and enables you to overlay and filter information from different sources across your organization; be it assay data, sequence data or other process metadata. Insights from past results can be used to guide new experiments and they get better as you upload more and more data. Team leads get oversight and these capabilities combined empower organizations to find better drugs, faster. We believe that science moves faster when scientists can curate and analyse their own data.
4997. women-com : We aim to support and promote women who are creating wonderful and beautiful things. We hope to offer a trusted destination that will give you a moment's rest and a bit of laughter in our constantly on-the-go, work-driven world. Our dream is that every time you want to smile and add a little bit of delight to your day, you come to women.com. And when that smile carries over into the rest of your life and world, you share how good you feel with everyone around you. Pass it on. Our current website offers a personality quiz platform, trivia quizzes and a closed Q & A community.
4998. fond : Fond is a global SaaS platform that seamlessly consolidates employee rewards and recognition processes into one easy-to-use solution. With Fond, employees and managers can recognize each other, redeem rewards, access exclusive corporate discounts, and measure success so HR departments spend less time managing programs and more time driving results.
4999. zesty : Zesty empowers companies to be healthier and more productive. Our team creates tailored, world-class food programs for offices with 20 to 1000+ employees. We work with hundreds of clients serving balanced and delicious breakfasts, lunches, dinners, happy hours and special events. Curated by in-house dietitians, Zesty works with hundreds of the best Bay Area restaurants, including Souvla, Delfina, Oren's Hummus, and Nopalito — providing nutrition facts on every dish. Every meal is delivered and served by Zesty's own Catering Captains, offering the reliability and hospitality of an in-house caterer combined with the variety of dozens of cuisines. We have raised over $20M in funding top Silicon Valley investors including Index Ventures, Founders Fund, Forerunner Ventures, SV Angel and Y Combinator. Our two-floor office building is located in the sunny Potrero Hill district of San Francisco. You can learn more about our values and open positions at http://zesty.com/jobs
5000. verano-health : We're building the nation's largest digital diabetes platform for underserved Americans. There are 80 million Americans on Medicaid and 30% or more have chronic disease. Less than 1% of patients with diabetes receive needed training. We provide a SMS-based telehealth platform to people with chronic disease on Medicaid. Our proven Healthy at Home program uses 2-way SMS interactions, weekly diabetes coaching visits, and evidence-based health education. Our vision is to reach millions of Americans that lack at-home support for chronic disease. We're billing health insurance $186 for telehealth visits and have 2 contracts underway. With your support, we can be a fully sustainable nonprofit by 2023.
5001. bloomthat : Simply put, we curate and design on-demand blooms (and other sweet surprises) starting at just $38. With BloomThat, it's never been faster or easier to send a little something. Making someone’s day is just a few taps away on our app (or visit BloomThat.com from any device). So what are you waiting for? Send #THATsomething today! On-Demand: SF | Bay Area | NYC | LA Next Day: All over the U.S. of A!
5002. gather : Gather is software that helps high-growth teams build and execute their onboarding, offboarding, and other People Operations programs. Gather replaces manual coordination with smart, automated communication powered by a deep integration with Slack.
5003. scopeai : ScopeAI automates the process of communicating user insights to product and operation teams. The product leverages natural language processing (a form of AI) to extract insights from customer conversations. It integrates with existing support channels such as Zendesk, Intercom, Desk.com (salesforce) to automatically tag and analyze conversations for trends in customer feedback.
5004. bear-flag-robotics : Bear Flag Robotics is developing autonomous driving technology for farm tractors. By equipping tractors and implements with technology, Bear Flag allows growers to automate and optimize many of their most common tasks. This addresses the farm labor shortage while removing workers from hazardous conditions. Additionally, Bear Flag provides growers with analytics that help them garner actionable insights about their crops and operations.
5005. float : Float is Pipe for supply chain finance. We help fast-growing consumer brands unlock capital from their inventory. We pay their supplier invoices up front and enable them to pay for their inventory after they’ve sold it.
5006. futureadvisor : FutureAdvisor is an award-winning digital wealth management firm serving client households nationwide from our offices in San Francisco. We use software to power a wealth management experience accessible to everyone, at less than half the price charged by traditional firms. Our clients are the mass-affluent investors underserved by traditional financial advisory and wealth management firms. FutureAdvisor is leading a shift in financial services towards transparency, convenience and inclusion. FutureAdvisor is looking for engineers to help build better portfolio management tools for everyone. Our unbiased financial advice is giving middle- and working-class families powerful tools they never had access to before, and they're free. If our mission strikes a chord with you, please send us your resume: https://www.futureadvisor.com/jobs Social Media Community Policy: Content posted here by third-parties about FutureAdvisor remains the responsibility of the party posting the content, and is neither endorsed by FutureAdvisor nor representative of FutureAdvisor's viewpoints. Any opinions or statements posted by third parties are their own, and may not be indicative of others'​ experience or future performance or success. FutureAdvisor does not endorse or adopt any content on a third-party site linked to from this page. At its discretion, FutureAdvisor may remove any content containing violations of securities regulations; lewdness, personal attacks or obscenity; comments irrelevant to the topic at hand; or unsolicited advertisements and spam.
5007. schoolmint : SchoolMint provides a cloud-based student enrollment and school choice platform to PreK-12 school systems worldwide. Since its founding in 2013, close to 10000 schools have chosen SchoolMint to streamline all aspects of student enrollment - student registration management, application, lottery, and school choice management, and digital forms and document uploads. Available online and on mobile devices, SchoolMint integrates with leading student information systems (SIS) and transforms the end-to-end enrollment experience for school staff and parents. Visit http://www.SchoolMint.com to learn more. SchoolMint is part of the new BV Investment Partners-funded EdTech Platform along with Hero K12.
5008. sre-ai : SRE.ai provides AI Agents to power Low-Code DevOps for Low-Code Platforms like Salesforce, SAP, NetSuite, etc.
5009. peer5 : Peer5's P2P CDN improves content delivery for live and on demand video streams. As video streaming continues to become more mainstream and the streams themselves become HD and 4K, traditional CDNs struggle to deliver high quality viewing experiences. Many publishers try to keep up with peak demand by paying for more servers, many of which are almost never used and struggle with video playback. Not only is this expensive, but it's also inefficient, which is why at Peer5, we've created a P2P CDN to boost your video streaming capabilities. Our CDN works with your servers to ensure that as your viewership increases, your network gets stronger by offloading bandwidth to our peer network. On average, this has been shown to increase server capacity by 20x, offload 70% of bandwidth, increase viewing time by 30% and decrease instances of rebuffering by 40%. Our video streaming CDN uses emerging technologies, including HTML5 and WebRTC. They require no installation by end users and offer easy integration for content providers. We support many different streaming protocols, players and media servers.
5010. parenthoods : Parenthoods is a community platform for local parents to meet up, share advice, and help each other conquer one of life’s most craziest rides…parenthood.
5011. inkling : Inkling, based in Chicago, Illinois, offers collective intelligence solutions to help organizations make more informed decisions. Inkling's products have been implemented by industry-leading corporations and government agencies worldwide to reduce operational risks, improve forecasting, and gain insights about the organization.
5012. hotspots : Moki.TV is a directory of all paid and free content included on Amazon's streaming service, Netlfix, Hulu, iTunes, and others.
5013. firsthand : They provide the kiosk, the products, and the software — you just provide the space and they send you a check with your share of the profits at the end of the month.
5014. taxproper : TaxProper is an enterprise SaaS solution that acquires real-time property tax data, encodes local tax rules, and contains all of the operational workflows associated with property tax management. Our core products automate property tax payments, forecast future property tax liability, and help large real estate operators manage their property tax appeals.
5015. strive-school : In exchange for a part of their future salary, select students can become professional-grade software engineers through a six-month online program. While the majority of universities in Europe are free to attend, STEM courses are often outdated and theoretical; Strive School works with those pursuing STEM fields to help them become job-ready software engineers.
5016. drapr : Drapr lets shoppers try on clothing, online. Apparel brands use Drapr to make more money online.
5017. peerdb : At PeerDB, we are building a fast, simple and the most cost effective way to stream data from Postgres to Data Warehouses, Queues and Storage engines. If you are running Postgres at the heart of your data-stack and move data at scale from Postgres to any of the above targets, PeerDB can provide value. We support different modes of streaming - log based (CDC), cursor based (timestamp or integer) and XMIN based. Performance wise, we are 10x faster than existing tools. Features wise, we support native Postgres features such as comprehensive set of data-types incl. jsonb/arrays/postgis, efficiently streaming toast columns, schema changes and so on.
5018. sigopt : SigOpt is the optimization platform that amplifies your research. SigOpt takes any research pipeline and tunes it, right in place. Our cloud-based ensemble of optimization algorithms is proven and seamless to deploy, and is used by globally recognized leaders within the insurance, credit card, algorithmic trading and consumer packaged goods industries.
5019. omniref : Omniref is a code-based reference, maintained by and for the programming community. Find questions, comments, links and documentation on the code that you're already using.
5020. satsuma : Satsuma is a developer tool for building applications on top of real-time blockchain data. Our product lets developers take decoded data from multiple chains, customize it for their use cases, and access it through API endpoints. Blockchains serve as distributed databases for these products, holding their most important data. However, it’s difficult to access and query that data. We believe this friction is an enormous blocker for web3 developers and that better tooling will enable mass adoption for web3. We’re a founding team of engineers, having built data infrastructure and product as early employees at Airtable, Heap, and Y Combinator.
5021. arcane : Arcane is building an AI powered game platform. We allow anyone to create and play games, without writing code.
5022. loopt : Loopt, based in Silicon-Valley and backed by leading venture capital firms Sequoia Capital and New Enterprise Associates, has created an interoperable social-mapping service that allows individuals to use their location to discover the real world around them – enabling them to find and enjoy the people, places, and events that mean the most right here and now using their mobile phones. With Loopt, individuals will always know who’s around, what to do, or where to go
5023. remail : ReMail is an email app that downloads all your email to your iPhone and offers a comprehensive email search.
5024. scanwell-health : Scanwell Health makes healthcare more accessible through smartphone-enabled, at-home diagnostics. Scanwell's innovative approach lets people test from anywhere, skip the waiting room and get same-day results. By quickly diagnosing acute illnesses, chronic diseases and rare conditions, Scanwell accelerates the path to treatment. Our first product is the only FDA-cleared over-the-counter app that provides testing and treatment for urinary tract infections (UTIs).
5025. axdraft : AXDRAFT analyzes patterns in your legal documents and transforms drafting process from erroneous and time consuming copy and paste to a mistake-free simple Q&A. The average time to draft a document with AXDRAFT is less than 4 minutes. On top of this AXDRAFT allows to integrate data into the document from public registers and your internal databases, eliminating the need to double check every data input. Data validation, e-signatures, access control, document id, visibility and personal accountability for drafted documents. All of this is possible with AXDRAFT. 45 corporations using AXDRAFT reduce time spent on drafting legal documents by up to 90% and shorten their approval cycles by up to 4 days. Both of these improvements mean more deals and better financial results for your company every quarter. And the best part is that from the moment we sign the contract AXDRAFT can be up and running in 2 weeks. Few case studies are available here: https://www.axdraft.com/customers
5026. ravti : Ravti makes HVAC easier for the Real Estate world. We track, manager, and procure HVAC for large property owners. We manage all your HVAC maintenance programs, emergent repairs, scheduled repairs, capital replacement, capex management, and all the associated headaches that come along with that – multiple bids, procurement, HVAC inventory, warranties. Your team can start any project with the simple click of a button. Best of all, we save 18% to 30% for the exact HVAC projects you are spending capital on today. We're removing the headaches associated with HVAC from the Owner’s perspective while making it the easiest business on the planet for the Vendors that serve you. Improve your asset audits and challenge your bottom line - by increasing capex accuracy and staff productivity. Mechanize the process of bidding, procuring, and overseeing your HVAC operations. It all starts with Ravti. We would love to hear from you, so please send us an email at support@ravti.com. If you would like to join an intelligent and energetic team who is innovating an antiquated industry, we are hiring!!! Send us an email: careers@ravti.com
5027. topmind : 
5028. bluecrew : BlueCrew is an on-demand, data-driven staffing platform for blue collar jobs in Los Angeles, San Francisco Bay Area, Sacramento, and Reno. Bluecrew is a seed-stage, YC backed company creating software to automate outdated, and inefficient traditional temp agencies. We are the best platform to quickly fill positions with high-quality workers. Bluecrew is an ideal staffing partner for companies looking for temporary, seasonal, or temp to hire workers for jobs including event staff, warehouse staff, drivers, forklift operators, data entry personnel, movers, and customer service reps. By innovating on screening, matching, dispatching, and time tracking technology, BlueCrew eliminates the major pain points of other alternatives.
5029. terark : Terark built a new storage engine for Database and Data Systems. Our technology enables direct search on highly compressed data, with 200X faster read performance and more than 10X storage savings (better than Google's LevelDB, Facebook's RocksDB), getting larger scalability with lower cost for big data applications. Alibaba is our paying customer, and we are a YCombinator company.
5030. 599 : Stop break-ins before they happen. Kuna is the first effective break-in prevention solution for home security. Kuna is a smart Wi-Fi camera and video intercom built into an elegant outdoor light. It detects people at your door and lets you see and interact with them through your smartphone. Think of it as a digital doorman. And the best part, it's super easy to install. No need to run power wires or drill holes. Just replace your old light fixture. Check us out at www.getkuna.com, spread the word and help us bring Kuna to the world. Thanks.
5031. soomgo : Soomgo is a local services marketplace that connects providers with new customers across 1,000+ services such as moving, piano lessons, wedding planning, and more.
5032. a-thinking-ape : Proudly recognized as one of CANADA'S TOP SMALL & MEDIUM EMPLOYERS for 2018! Mission: We build communities. Surrounded by mountains and water in beautiful Vancouver, BC, we are smart people who like smart people. We create mobile games with a social core that engage players and provoke us with creative new problems. We value data, informal leadership and keeping it all balanced. When we set out to make games with massive online communities, we knew that we first had to create the ideal environment for building ambitious things: a place where brilliant and inspiring people come together to build games that make millions of players happy. We realized that we needed to find incredibly talented people and get out of their way. Since then we've paid careful attention to how we like to work together - these are some of our guiding principles: Ownership; Have Wonderful Arguments; The Best Ideas Win; Keep Growing. We are artists, designers, and engineers. We leverage our talent with small, independent teams. And we know that a happy builder is an efficient builder.
5033. openclinic : OpenClinic is a platform that makes it easy for any doctor or hospital to open their own digital clinic. Our AI assistant takes a comprehensive medical history using an empathic voice-based interface, uses sophisticated medical reasoning to narrow down likely diagnoses, and produces evidence-based treatment suggestions for each patient. Licensed doctors then review the text-based summaries of the cases our AI provides, and choose how to manage the patients. In this fashion, we're able to deliver end-to-end healthcare where AI manages 99%, and doctors do the final high value 1%.
5034. penny : Penny is a personal finance app that helps you track your income and spending. Penny accesses your statement history—with your permission—and uses that information to help you manage your finances. Whenever you open the app, she’ll chat with you about your finances: letting you know how you’re doing this month, forecasting where you’ll be next month, giving you a heads up about upcoming bills, or even helping you cancel services you don’t use. Penny makes finances less intimidating and stressful. Many apps have lots of useful features, but they’re often hard to use and time-consuming. Penny automatically organizes your finances, explains them simply and clearly, and tells you what you need to know, when you need to know it.
5035. merrymint : MerryMint helps you discover and book virtual activities & experiences that your team can do together from home. Learn or experience something new from expert guides.
5036. stacksi : Stacksi helps companies automate the process of answering enterprise security questionnaires so they can close deals faster and save their best engineers’ time for more strategic projects. Salespeople, CTOs, and CEOs of fast-growing enterprise startups can upload security questionnaires into our system. If the company already has written security policies, they can upload those documents, too. From there, Stacksi parses their documents, identifies gaps in their security policies vs. standards, and helps them establish a successful security program. Ultimately, we will help them 1) automate completion of security questionnaires, 2) quickly get through enterprise security audits and 3) improve their security posture.
5037. plangrid : PlanGrid is the leader in construction productivity software, used on more than one million projects in 84 countries. PlanGrid's cloud-based platform empowers contractors and owners in commercial, heavy civil, and other industries to collaborate easily from their mobile devices and desktop, managing blueprints, specs, photos, RFIs, field reports, and punch lists. With over 100 million digital blueprints on its platform, PlanGrid is also the largest digital blueprint repository in the world. Founded in 2011, the company was part of Y Combinator in 2012, and has secured over $69 million in funding from Sequoia Capital, Tenaya Capital and several other top firms.
5038. lawyaw : Lawyaw is a vertical SaaS platform focused on enabling the digitization of legal services. Our platform solves a foundational gap in the market by making it easy to incorporate programmable documents into digital workflows. As a result we are transforming the $150B consumer legal services market by making access to legal services faster, cheaper and more convenient. We are currently power over 1,000 law firms and growing quickly, but have so much more to build!
5039. slidepay : SlidePay, formerly Cube, is an API that makes it easy for any app to accept credit cards that are processed in person. Integration takes hours, not weeks, and works on any platform or device.
5040. stackshine : Stackshine is creating mission control for enterprise IT teams. We discover all the software being used across their organization and then automate workflows related to onboarding/offboarding, cost savings, and security.
5041. bandit-ml : 
5042. post-fm : 
5043. lanyrd : Get more out of conferences with http://lanyrd.com/ - the social conference directory. Find conferences that your Twitter friends are going to, build up a speaker portfolio of talks you have given, and catch up on what happened at conferences you missed or what's going on at conferences right now
5044. comprehend : Comprehend, the leader in Clinical Intelligence solutions, is focused on accelerating treatments to patients. Our suite of software applications provide clinical operations, data management and medical review teams with the critical insights and automation they need to improve the speed, safety and quality of their clinical trials. Designed to unify, monitor and analyze clinical data across disparate sources in real-time, Comprehend's Cloud software delivers solutions for CRO oversight, centralized monitoring, risk monitoring, data review and medical monitoring. Comprehend’s investors include Sequoia Capital, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Eminence Capital. Learn more at www.comprehend.com.
5045. sketchdeck : SketchDeck is your always ready design team. We give you 24/7 access to high quality, on brand design for all your marketing, sales and communication needs. We're built for the quality, scale and speed modern teams demand.
5046. level : Level provides fast and simple financing to lending startups that gets them off the ground and grows with them as they scale. We do so by buying loans in small quantities at first and rewarding our customers with more access to capital based on performance. Co-founder & CEO, Vladimir Korshin, previously worked in the traditional venture debt system at Silicon Valley Bank, where he noticed that strong startups were frequently denied from non-dilutive financing because they were too small. Just 4 weeks after going live with our first customer, we purchased $1.3M in loans across 6 customers. The founding team brings 30+ years of startup experience: Vladimir previously worked as an operator at Facebook, Eventbrite, and Niantic; Asa Schachar was an engineer at Microsoft and managed teams of engineers at Optimizely; Molly Hogan led new and international product initiatives at Amazon for over 7 years. Level is backed by Liquid2, Y Combinator (S21), and others. https://www.trylevel.app/
5047. thread-2 : Thread simplifies the business processes for manufacturing companies. Upload your company documents to our secure platform, collaborate seamlessly across your organization to respond to vendor questionnaires.
5048. able : Able is a career app for pre and early professionals. Professionals can build their profiles, apply for jobs, prepare for interviews and get upskilled with our training programs.
5049. listrunner : Listrunner is a service made to share patient information in a highly secure manner between authorized members of a clinical team– physicians, residents, interns, and medical students. Listrunner helps clinicians protect patient information by replacing manual processes, such as printed patient lists, which are untraceable and easily lost. Listrunner offers a secure alternative to unsecure practices, such as the use of SMS messages and camera phones to collect and share patient information between clinicians.
5050. zencoder : Zencoder is a cloud-based video and audio encoding product suite from Brightcove (NASDAQ: BCOV), a leading global provider of cloud content services. The Zencoder service provides customers with high quality, reliable encoding of live and on-demand video and access to unlimited video encoding power without having to pay for, manage and scale expensive hardware and software.
5051. flok : Flok offers end to end company retreat planning. Flok combines a planning dashboard with human retreat designers to provide your team with the best retreat possible. From booking hotel room blocks to planning and executing the ideal itinerary, Flok has you covered.
5052. smyte : Smyte stops spam, scams, harassment and credit card fraud for marketplaces and social networks. We automatically classify your website and mobile app's event data and stop bad actors at scale.
5053. avro-life-science : 
5054. vly-ai-2 : vly.ai completely replaces the full-stack developer for companies. We combine the highest-ranking swe-bench agent with a no-code platform to eliminate the developer layer and automate the deployment, hosting, & scaling of production applications.
5055. layer-by-layer : Layer By Layer is an online marketplace for the buying, selling, and sharing of printable 3D designs. We're going to make it possible to get the things you need and want by printing them yourself, from your own home. We want to allow anyone, technologist or amateur, to be able to use a personal 3D printer - so we decided to create an easy way for people to find and print great products.
5056. popsql : Every company wants to use data to make informed decisions, and SQL is the lingua franca for data. However, data collaboration is broken. People are rewriting each other's queries, switching apps to visualize their data, and copying/pasting SQL into Slack. PopSQL solves this by creating a beautiful, fun way to write SQL, visualize data, and share results. The product is loved by data teams from over 2000 companies including DoorDash, Shipt, Redfin, and Optimizely. What we've built so far is just the beginning. Join us and build a great product, a great culture, and a great company 🚀
5057. kalibrr : Kalibrr operates a two-sided job marketplace in Southeast Asia with over 5,000,000 high-skill white collar talents primarily in the Philippines and Indonesia. With Kalibrr, you can recruit and build a remote sales, product, engineering or design team in the Philippines within minutes
5058. amber-ai : Amber is a super app for kids, offering Aristotic mentorship, social connections, browsing, and gaming. Ultra will transform screens from a source of depression and addiction, into the ultimate learning environment.
5059. rethinkdb : RethinkDB is the first open-source scalable database for the realtime web. It exposes an exciting new access model -- instead of polling for changes, the developer can tell the database to continuously push updated query results to applications in realtime. RethinkDB allows developer to build scalable realtime apps in a fraction of the time with fewer engineering resources. RethinkDB features a pleasant and powerful query language that has useful queries like table joins and groupBy, a highly parallelized architecture, and web tools for managing clusters.
5060. hent : Hent is helping land lot developers to better manage their sales receivables and streamline their processes by securing access to capital and connecting all the stakeholders involved.
5061. citus-data : The amount of time businesses spend on their databases is altogether too much time. Citus is fixing this problem. Citus is worry-free Postgres. Built to scale out, Citus is an extension to Postgres that is available as open source, as enterprise software that can be run on-prem or on any cloud, and as a fully-managed database as a service. Whether you have a multi-tenant application that needs to scale out, or you need performance for your real-time analytics customers, with Citus, you can focus on your app—not your database. Founded in 2011, Citus Data is venture backed by Khosla Ventures and Data Collective. Citus is a Y Combinator alumnus and has offices in San Francisco’s SoMa district and Istanbul, Turkey. At Citus, we make it simple to scale out Postgres. Citus Data online: www.citusdata.com Documentation: docs.citusdata.com GitHub: github.com/citusdata/citus
5062. cambioml : CambioML providing ML tools for extracting and reconstruct text and data from PDFs, HTMLs and forms. Join the enterprise data gold mining from your legacy docs.
5063. moltin : At Moltin, we believe that brand experiences should never be obscured by technology and that commerce development should be simple, lightweight and fun. Moltin is an API-first digital commerce solution that enables retailers to build distinctive shopping experiences and embed them into any consumer touchpoint. It combines an extremely flexible set of APIs, developer toolkits, pre-built applications and cloud infrastructure to make commerce development simple, lightweight and fast. Moltin APIs are the simplest, most powerful in the industry. Retailers can test new channels quickly, scale into new markets, and keep pace with ever-evolving consumer trends. With Moltin, commerce flows seamlessly across any channel, device and experience. Moltin has a rapidly growing community of more than 17,000 developers around the world, pushing the boundaries of traditional commerce.
5064. padmapper : PadMapper is a location-based apartment rental search engine with real-time filtering. PadMapper's entire browsing interface is taken up by a full-screen map, and listings are loaded as the user moves around the map. Zooming into the map loads more listings in that area, zooming out broadens the search. Listings are filtered out or allowed back into the results as filter sliders are moved. Apartment listings from hundreds of sites are included, including Craigslist, Apartments.com, ForRent.com, and Oodle.
5065. grepdata : 6sense's mission is to empower marketing and sales teams with 100 percent visibility into buyers; who they are, needs and timing. 6sense provides marketers with omni-channel connectivity and visibility from brand to demand to revenue. 6sense's patent-protected predictions power all downstream sales and marketing systems with intelligence on who is in an active buying cycle, what products, when they will buy and where they are in the buyer's journey. 6sense enables intelligent growth resulting in new pipeline, higher marketing to sales conversions, larger opportunity size and increased sales productivity and effectiveness with teams focusing on the right buyers with a need now. Visit us at: http://www.6sense.com/ Learn more about us at http://www.6sense.com Keep up to date on industry trends by following us on Twitter: @6SenseInc
5066. gerostate-alpha : 
5067. rider : Rider is building modern parcel delivery for online sellers in Pakistan. We are doing $130K in monthly revenue, delivering 200K orders per month across 60 cities. Unlike traditional logistics players, Rider’s solution is: Easier to use (integration with shipper portals, delivery agent app, end- customer app); Quicker (route optimization, next day deliveries, 24-hour cash repayment); Transparent (resolves ‘fake attempt’ deliveries, offers live tracking) and Flexible (shipper and customer control on delivery location and times).
5068. openinvest : OpenInvest is the first technology-backed, socially responsible investment asset management platform that aligns your investments with your values. OpenInvest’s proprietary technology seamlessly creates low-cost investment portfolios tailored to your values, while tracking market indices. A mission-driven company, OpenInvest was one of the first VC-backed Public Benefit Corporations.
5069. pipelinedb : PipelineDB is an open-source PostgreSQL extension that enables realtime reporting use cases by continuously aggregating large streams of time series data down into summary data. It shines the most at larger scales, where storing lots of raw time-series data and aggregating it over and over again becomes inefficient. The amount of value that PipelineDB adds is directly proportional to the amount of continuous aggregation that an analytics use case can benefit from. PipelineDB should be used for analytics use cases that only require summary data, like realtime reporting dashboards. PipelineDB is not a good fit for exploratory analytics on siloed datasets.
5070. omni : Omni is an intelligent chrome extension to help teams manage their internal knowledge and keep it 100% up to date. It fits in the natural workflow, integrates with current knowledge sources, and provides bite-sized answers when needed.
5071. tapengage : 
5072. cymmetria : Cymmetria is a cybersecurity company at the forefront of deception technology, and offers the only commercially available deception technology that has caught 5 nation-state APTs. Cymmetria’s deception products, MazeRunner and ActiveSOC, give organizations the ability to hunt attackers, detect lateral movement inside the perimeter, automate incident response, and mitigate attacks. The company also offers deception as a service, enabling organizations to customize deception technologies for their business environment. Founded in 2014 by security expert Gadi Evron, Cymmetria is changing the asymmetry of cybersecurity, giving defenders the upper hand. For more information, visit www.cymmetria.com.
5073. authy : Authy provides strong authentication for the connected world, protecting people and the enterprise against malicious attacks. Our two-factor authentication (2FA) security solution enables organizations to minimize risk while enhancing the user experience. Authy 2FA provides a fast-to-implement, highly scalable and proven 99.999 % reliable alternative to passwords. Used by 11,000+ websites serving 2 million consumers worldwide, it's designed to give users the ability to self-service or easily manage their own 2FA experience. Coinbase, CloudFlare, Humble Bundle and Twitch.tv are just some Authy clients. Authy is a Twilio company. Follow us on: Twitter at @Authy Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/authysec Google+ at https://plus.google.com/+Authy GitHub at https://github.com/authy
5074. people-and-pages : People and Pages is a service similar to Google Groups, allowing group organizers to manage email lists and publish to the web in one place. Although the screenshots show that it's part WYSIWYG website creation tool as well, making it competitive with Google Sites, Weebly, and others. As of August 2008 the site is yet to launch.
5075. hypcloud : 
5076. spire-health : We are a B2B medical device and data company passionate about providing remote monitoring solutions for the proactive care of chronic disease patients. Our core expertise and IP is in continuous respiratory sensing. Spire Remote Patient Monitoring is used by pulmonologists and patients throughout the United States. To date our sensors have been worn by more than 150,000 people.
5077. view3 : View 3, an active clad-alignment splicer with the world's highest fiber image magnification rate, is the most dependable fusion splicer.
5078. disqus : We love the internet, and the colorful characters and interesting conversations that make up its diverse communities. Disqus exists to make better communities and an even better web. Today, our product ecosystem includes our established comment network (over 4 million websites that cover pretty much any topic imaginable), a growing advertising network, and our owned and operated platform. Originally founded in 2007 by CEO Daniel Ha and CTO Jason Yan, we’re changing the way people get into discussions about the things they love -- or are just curious about.
5079. sharpestminds : SharpestMinds is a mentorship program for data scientists based on income share agreements. Experienced engineers mentor aspiring data scientists, who then pay the engineers back a percentage of their first year's salary after they're hired. SharpestMinds mentors come from world leading AI groups at top companies including Apple, Uber, Tesla, Facebook and Amazon.
5080. craft-coffee : 
5081. sepsis-scout : Formerly known as Patchd Medical, now acquired by Cytovale. Wearable technology and AI to predict and prevent sepsis outside of hospital.
5082. impraise : Impraise empowers your people to accelerate their performance and professional growth with clear direction, alignment, feedback exchange, and recognition. The Impraise platform offers solutions such as Goal Management, Performance Check-ins, 1:1 meetings, 360 reviews, real-time feedback and coaching.
5083. prosights : 
5084. able-health : Able Health is the one platform physician organizations need to manage value-based programs. From calculating HEDIS and Medicare measures to engaging clinicians and health plans, managing value-based programs can take an army of administrators and IT staff. Able Health simplifies administration, customized to your specific programs, so you can ease today's reporting requirements and set your organization up for the future of healthcare reimbursements.
5085. wildfire : We started Wildfire during our senior year at UC Berkeley as a safety alert app for colleges. Wildfire quickly grew beyond a campus safety tool to a social news app, which empowered people to spread the word quickly to their community when something significant happened nearby. Over six years, we've sent 65 million alerts to nearly 1 million users.
5086. sayana : Sayana is a mental wellness app that helps people track their thoughts and feelings daily, get relevant tips on how to cope with emotions, and match with people in a similar life situation.
5087. xfers : Xfers is a Singaporean-based payment processing gateway offering credit card processing and Internet banking transfers. As a graduate of Y Combinator’s Summer 2015 Class, Xfers aims to unify banking networks across Southeast Asia. Featured on Techcrunch and coined as the Paypal of Southeast Asia by Channel News Asia, we simplify and redefine the process of collecting and receiving payments in Southeast Asia. In 2016, Xfers announced its first round of seed funding. Its investor portfolio includes venture capital firms such as Quest Ventures, 500 Startups, Golden Gate Ventures and angel investors such as Eduardo Saverin.
5088. airpair : Develop Better Software, Faster! AirPair is an extensive network of experts with deep knowledge across many technology stacks and solutions. AirPair accelerates software development by "pairing” experts with your engineers in real-time via video and screen sharing, leading to better teams and better software that’s produced faster, and at lower costs. To find an expert, visit => www.airpair.com/find-an-expert
5089. backdrop : We are an expense management and payments platform for the entertainment industry, which still rely on spreadsheets and paper receipts to manage the $650B+ they spend each year.
5090. together-video-chat : Together transforms the way kids and grown ups participate in a video call by providing educational activities, books and interactive games that can be played while video chatting.
5091. guardian-rf : The rise of weaponized drones has fundamentally transformed security threats both in warfare and civilian contexts. In Ukraine, $500 modified commercial drones regularly neutralize million-dollar military assets. At our southern border, cartels use drones to smuggle fentanyl and survey law enforcement positions. Critical infrastructure, military bases, and correctional facilities face unprecedented vulnerability to unauthorized surveillance and drone-based attacks. Founded in 2024, GuardianRF develops advanced RF spectrum sensors to protect against this evolving threat landscape. Our technology has been battle-tested in Ukraine, where consumer drones converted into precise guided missiles have become a daily reality. Unlike traditional systems that rely on regulatory compliance, our sensors can detect modified and non-Remote ID compliant drones from up to 3 km away, accurately pinpointing both drone and operator locations. What sets us apart is our distributed mesh network of sensors combining advanced Software Defined Radio (SDR) technology with AI-driven signal classification. Trained on extensive combat zone datasets, our system processes RF signatures in real-time across multiple frequency bands, catching even sophisticated stealth drones using frequency-hopping protocols. When a threat is detected, the system delivers precise targeting data while maintaining continuous tracking. Our product line includes: - Scout Detector: A handheld drone detector for rapid deployment and portability - Mosaic Sensor Network: A scalable mesh network of RF sensors for detecting, tracking, and mapping drone activity across expansive areas The stakes are severe: along our borders, cartel drones facilitate trafficking that costs thousands of lives annually. In prisons, a single successful drone contraband delivery can trigger facility-wide violence. For critical infrastructure, a coordinated drone strike could cause billions in business interruption losses. Traditional drone defense systems, often priced in the millions, are cost-prohibitive for most organizations. GuardianRF bridges this critical gap with accessible, effective protection. Our AI classification engine recognizes various control protocols including modified ExpressLRS, Crossfire, and DJI variants, providing early warning of threats that traditional systems miss entirely. The system's fully automated detection, tracking, and response mechanisms ensure continuous protection with minimal operational overhead. Built and manufactured in the United States, GuardianRF combines field-proven technology with real-world deployment experience to counter modern drone threats. Whether safeguarding critical infrastructure, securing borders, or supporting defense operations, our systems deliver the comprehensive drone detection capabilities needed for today's security challenges.
5092. auctomatic : Auctomatic, a Y Combinator company, offers an auction and marketplace management system for all of those individual sellers on such sites as Ebay, Amazon, Overstock and others. The application lets you list your items as well as manage your sales, but it also helps you understand how to best optimize your selling and maximize profits. The company also received an investment from Paul Buchheit, the lead developer of Gmail.
5093. forage : Forage is changing the world of career discovery and skill-building. We partner with leading companies to create online job simulations for college students to build skills, gain experience and better understand different career paths. Our free digital learning simulations simulate a 'day in the life' of a junior employee, giving students the chance to complete hypothetical tasks, learn from employees and understand which roles are aligned with their interests and skills. We believe 'talent is distributed evenly, but opportunity is not'. Our programs let the world's most iconic employers to open their doors to students from all backgrounds, regardless of where they are located, what they study and what university they go to. Employers use these simulations to attract, and ultimately hire, exceptional and high-intent candidates from broad and diverse audiences. There are now +4m students in the Forage community, and we currently run job simulations with leading organizations including GE, BCG, HSBC, Goldman Sachs, Lululemon, EY, Accenture, Latham & Watkins, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Citi, BNY Mellon, Prudential, Verizon, Bloomberg, Oliver Wyman, HPE, KPMG, Deloitte, and others.
5094. shiok-meats : Shiok Meats is a cell-based clean meat company, exclusively working on seafood. Shiok Meats is the first cell-based meat company in Singapore and SE Asia and we employ cellular agriculture to grow seafood meat in the laboratory using cells instead of animals. Shiok in Singapore English slang means fantastic and enjoyable. Our meats are animal-, health- and environment-friendly with the same taste, texture and nutrients, but no cruelty. Our mission is to bring delicious and healthy meat by harvesting from cells instead of animals.
5095. reflect : Reflect is a no-code tool for automated website testing. Instead of building and maintaining complex Selenium tests, companies use Reflect to run automated end-to-end tests without writing code.
5096. bitaccess : We make enterprise software for crypto. Our leading product is a Bitcoin ATM. Customers have converted over $1B USD of cash into Bitcoin at our network.
5097. fat-llama : Fat Llama is a peer-to-peer rental marketplace which allows people to rent spare items to others nearby, fully insured. The platform provides a cheaper and more efficient solution than buying outright or hiring from rental shops. At the same time, it allows others to monetise their rarely-used possessions. The company's mission is to enable people to share and monetize their unused possessions, increasing the efficiency of both the consumer and the planet’s resources.
5098. splashup : Splashup, formerly known as fauxto, is an online image editing service that provides some advanced tools and is unique for its incorporation of image editing layer effects. The site is still in beta, and so does not offer full editing capabilities yet.
5099. newcraft : NewCraft makes it easy for developers to connect to employee platforms like Workday, ADP, and Paylocity with a single API. To get access to these systems, some companies have spent over $10M in development costs alongside years of business development efforts. We believe innovators can build the future of employment faster with simplified access. On top of standardizing data across employee systems into a universal API, we offer a modern developer experience with test environments, documentation, and security.
5100. etacts : Etacts was born from the frustration of keeping in touch with our ever-growing list of friends (both business and personal), family, coworkers, and clients. It's impossible to remember to stay in touch with all the people that matter. Etacts helps you maintain your relationships by doing three things: 1) Showing you who you've lost touch with 2) Letting you set reminders to stay in touch with people 3) Helping you get back in touch meaningfully by giving you relevant context about your relationship with people, such as the last emails you exchanged, or their recent status updates. Use Etacts to build and maintain relationships with former friends, business partners, clients, and more!
5101. sendme-inc : Sendme is an on-demand provider of clean meat to individuals and food businesses. We built a chatbot that lets customers place orders for meat on WhatsApp and they get it within 3hours.
5102. clever : Clever is a single platform for all of your digital learning programs. Founded in 2012, Clever was started by educators and technology professionals who knew that schools, teachers, and students could all benefit from the amazing learning software that was available, but key challenges stood in the way of accessing the technology. Today, half of K-12 schools in the U.S. use Clever to give students and teachers single sign-on access for any resource or file they need, and to automate software account setup and updates for district administrators. Clever gives teachers time to teach, helps districts be better informed, and makes using applications in the classroom effortless. We are a team of more than 100 people passionate about education. If you feel the same way, you should see our openings at https://clever.com/about/jobs.
5103. foreffect : 
5104. clutch : Clutch.io builds tools for mobile application developers. Clutch's line of tools helps developers overcome some common problems with mobile app development including A/B testing for mobile apps as well as a framework that enables developers to iterate much faster.
5105. hyper : 
5106. jido-maps : We help teams that may or may not have machine learning expertise quickly turn their data into deployed computer vision models. Example applications include security camera monitoring, automating data entry, interpreting web scraped images, validated user photo inputs, augmented reality and mobile product scanning. If you have visual or scanned data that you wish your software could interpret at scale, we can turn around a first proof of concept in under a week. Reach out and see how computer vision can change your business.
5107. all-screen : 140Fire is the fastest growing online video ad network. Brands and agencies utilize 140Fire for it's suite of engagement and data tools which make media buying 10x more effective when it comes to running video ads. Backed by Y Combinator, Mark Cuban, Jonathan Kraft and Skip Paul, 140Fire is based in Santa Monica and has 15 employees.
5108. mineralsoft : MineralSoft is the leading solution for mineral rights and royalty management. Are you looking for a better way to manage your minerals? Whether you're an investment fund, a family office, an individual, or an advisor, MineralSoft has a tailored solution for you. We combine industry-leading software with experienced, professional service to maximize the value of your assets. Save time, make money, and get peace of mind by managing your oil & gas interests with MineralSoft.
5109. ninite : The BaseShield App Store is a distribution platform for Windows software. Users can download and install applications with one click, and each application runs in its own secure virtual space. It is an open platform where third party developers can publish their applications. Developers who deploy their apps this way can rely on the built-in installer, update function, security and eventually payment processing.
5110. tremendous : Tremendous is a payouts platform, enabling businesses to send money, prepaid cards, and gift cards to people around the world. Used by researchers at Google and MIT, marketers at Casper and Lyft, and institutions like United Way and the Federal Reserve Bank, Tremendous has orchestrated nearly 10 million payouts. Over 4,000 organizations agree: a Tremendous payout is almost as delightful to send as to receive.
5111. farmtheory : Farmtheory is a B2B agri-tech startup. We are bridging the gap between buyers and sellers of ugly produce by creating a farm-to-fork value chain. Ugly produce is freshly harvested fruitage that is cosmetically unappealing, hence left unsold at farms.
5112. drahim : "Drahim" is a slang for money in Arabic (from the ancient Greek Drachma). The app integrates with banks and provides individuals meaningful spending insights and generates auto savings and investment advice. For the meaningful insights, the app integrates with banks and automatically categorizes all of your transactions (All of your accounts in one place) and spots spending patterns and behaviors. Drahim then suggests a saving and investing plan that allows the user to continue living comfortably and to keep spending guilt-free. Our focus is not necessarily to save you money, rather we grow your money discreetly. Drahim allows you to continue spending but feeling way better doing it.
5113. my-nextderma : Dermatologist 👩🏻‍⚕️ virtual clinic in LATAM, with great dermatologists that consult, prescribe and send treatment to your doorstep In 🇲🇽 Mexico 8 out of 10 teenagers have acne, and there is only a ratio of 1 Dermatologist 👨🏽‍⚕️ per 50,000 🌎 population.
5114. hubuc : HUBUC P1 is a lightning-fast global card issuing and processing engine. We call this incredible machine P1 because it's fast, lean, and innovative. We believe it's the best, and you should take it for a test drive here: https://www.hubuc.com/
5115. request-network : Request allows companies & people to pay and get paid in cryptocurrencies by relying on the most innovative payment request technology. On top of it, apps such as Request Invoicing allow professionals to send proper crypto invoices and get paid in a click. Adoption for this app is growing at an impressive rate as we can see here https://req.network
5116. close : Close is a modern CRM with built-in sales communication tools for startups and SMBs.
5117. confident-lims : Confident LIMS is a leading Laboratory Information Management System (LIMS) serving high-throughput labs in regulated industries. Confident LIMS is a B2B Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) platform with strong network effects among our lab customers and their testing clients. We currently serve >60% of the legal cannabis industry in the United States and are expanding into mainstream agriculture, food & beverage, and environmental industries. In early 2022, we pivoted away from seeking to be the leading online B2B wholesale marketplace in the legal cannabis industry to be the best LIMS in the world in the agriculture, food & beverage, environmental and industrial chemicals industries.
5118. tetrascience: TetraScience provides the world’s first and only R&D Data Cloud, with a mission to transform life sciences R&D, accelerate discovery, and improve human life. Scientists at global pharma and biotech organizations rely on our innovative Tetra Data Platform for easy access to centralized, harmonized, and actionable scientific data to accelerate their digital lab transformation. With best-in-class SaaS performance, a team of industry innovators, and excellent product/market fit, Tetra is positioned to become an iconic life sciences software company.
